bn:02900851n	 "Tekla Iita better known as Tequila is a Namibian singer." "1985), Namibian singer" "Singer"
bn:00051185n	 "A feeling of pleasure and enjoyment" "A feeling of pleasure and enjoyment" "I've always had a liking for reading" "She developed a liking for gin" "She developed a liking for gin" "I've always had a liking for reading"
bn:00079667n	 "Matter produced by plants or growing in the manner of a plant" "Matter produced by plants or growing in the manner of a plant" "Biomass refers strictly speaking to the total weight of all the living things in an ecosystem. However, it has come to refer to the amount of plant and crop material that could be produced in an ecosystem for making biofuels and other raw materials used in industry, for example. " "Vegetation used as a fuel, or source of energy, especially if cultivated for that purpose." "Vegetation used as fuel."
bn:00069476n	 "A triangle with no two sides of equal length" "A triangle with no two sides of equal length" "A geometric figure that consists of three straight limiting lines (sides) and three corners that are the intersection points of two sides" "A triangle having each of its three sides of different lengths." "Triangle having each of its three sides of different lengths."
bn:00068929n	 "A person employed to represent a business and to sell its merchandise (as to customers in a store or to customers who are visited)" "A person employed to represent a business and to sell its merchandise (as to customers in a store or to customers who are visited)" "Sales are activities related to selling or the number of goods sold in a given targeted time period." "The exchange of goods for profits" "Act of selling a product or service in return for money or other compensation" "A person whose job it is to sell things." "Natural person or legal entity providing, as a regular activity, a commercial service for the sake of another entity to which he/she/it is not subordinated." "A man whose job it is to sell things." "The activities involved in selling goods or services." "He's likable and motivated: perfect for a career in sales." "We have a sales training program beginning this Monday."
bn:00009779n	 "Hostile or warlike attitude or nature" "Hostile or warlike attitude or nature"
bn:01788005n	 "\"BedRock\" is the second single by hip hop group/record label Young Money Entertainment from their debut collaboration album, We Are Young Money." "Single by Young Money"
bn:13990808n	 "ArchEnemy is a 2009 science-fiction and fantasy novel by Frank Beddor and the third novel of the Looking Glass Wars trilogy." "A 2009 science-fiction and fantasy novel by Frank Beddor" "Novel by Frank Beddor"
bn:00527936n	 "ConTEXT is a text editor for Microsoft Windows." "A text editor for Microsoft Windows" "Text editor"
bn:01100983n	 "ShiVa3D is a 3D game engine with a graphical editor designed to create applications and video games for desktop PCs, the web, game consoles and mobile devices." "3D game engine" "3D game engine"
bn:00051715n	 "Someone who is employed to persuade legislators to vote for legislation that favors the lobbyist's employer" "Someone who is employed to persuade legislators to vote for legislation that favors the lobbyist's employer"
bn:00042192n	 "A spasmodic reflex of the throat made as if in swallowing" "A spasmodic reflex of the throat made as if in swallowing" "An indication of (the sound of) an involuntary fear reaction in the form of a swallowing motion." "The action of one who gulps."
bn:02045636n	 "GLOBE is the Global Legislators Organisation for a Balanced Environment, founded in 1989."
bn:00068035n	 "The area of AI concerned with the practical use of robots" "The area of AI concerned with the practical use of robots" "Robotics is an interdisciplinary field that integrates computer science and engineering." "Design, construction, operation, and application of robots" "The manufacturing, programming, and testing of robots" "it the manufacture, programming and testing of robots" "The science and technology of robots, and their design, manufacture, and application." "The science and technology of robots, their design, manufacture, and application." "The science and technology of robots."
bn:00043958n	 "Any notation that uses 16 different characters" "Any notation that uses 16 different characters"
bn:03233516n	 "AssassiNation is the sixth album by Krisiun, released in 2006 on Century Media."
bn:00052396n	 "A unit of illumination equal to 1 lumen per square meter; 0.0929 foot candle" "A unit of illumination equal to 1 lumen per square meter; 0.0929 foot candle" "The lux is the SI derived unit of illuminance, measuring luminous flux per unit area." "The SI unit of illuminance and luminous emittance" "The SI unit of illuminance, with symbol \"lx\"." "In the International System of Units, the derived unit of illuminance or illumination; one lumen per square metre. Symbol: lx." "The derived unit of illuminance."
bn:00054781n	 "Magnifier of the image of small objects" "Magnifier of the image of small objects" "A microscope is a laboratory instrument used to examine objects that are too small to be seen by the naked eye." "An instrument used to see objects that are too small for the naked eye" "Instrument used to see objects that are too small for the naked eye" "An optical instrument used for observing small objects." "Any instrument for imaging very small objects (such as an electron microscope)." "The invention of the microscope led to the discovery of the cell" "The invention of the microscope led to the discovery of the cell"
bn:00930391n	 "Camo is a frazione of the comune of Santo Stefano Belbo in the Province of Cuneo, in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 60 kilometres southeast of Turin and about 60 km northeast of Cuneo." "A commune of the province of Cuneo in north-west Italy" "Former Italian comune"
bn:00004839n	 "An absence of emotion or enthusiasm" "An absence of emotion or enthusiasm" "Apathy is a lack of feeling, emotion, interest, or concern about something." "Lack of emotion or motivation; lack of interest or enthusiasm towards something; disinterest (in something)." "Lack of emotion or motivation."
bn:00030463n	 "Preservation (of a dead body) by treating with balsams and drugs and other chemicals" "Preservation (of a dead body) by treating with balsams and drugs and other chemicals" "Embalming is the art and science of preserving human remains by treating them to forestall decomposition."
bn:01396635n	 "For the boxing strategy, see Rope-a-dope."
bn:00196590n	 "ETHANE is a mnemonic indicating a protocol used by emergency services to report situations which they may be faced with, especially as it relates to major incidents, where it may be used as part of their emergency action principles."
bn:00067816n	 "(baseball) a pitcher who throws with the right hand" "(baseball) a pitcher who throws with the right hand"
bn:01657041n	 "MeerKAT, originally the Karoo Array Telescope, is a radio telescope consisting of 64 antennas in the Northern Cape of South Africa." "South African radio telescope, a prototype for the Square Kilometre Array" "Radio telescope consisting of 64 antennas in South Africa"
bn:00080305n	 "Gully or streambed in northern Africa and the Middle East that remains dry except during rainy season" "Gully or streambed in northern Africa and the Middle East that remains dry except during rainy season" "Wadi, alternatively wād, North African Arabic Oued, is the Arabic term traditionally referring to a valley." "Dry riverbed, called rivier in southwest Africa" "River valley, especially a dry riverbed that contains water only during times of heavy rain" "A valley, gully, or stream bed in northern Africa and southwest Asia that remains dry except during the rainy season." "A valley, gully, or stream-bed in northern Africa and southwest Asia that remains dry except during the rainy season."
bn:03870508n	 "CLOCK or Clock is a gene encoding a basic helix-loop-helix-PAS transcription factor that is believed to affect both the persistence and period of circadian rhythms." "Circadian Locomotor Output Cycles Kaput, an important gene related to circadian rhythms" "Protein-coding gene in the species Homo sapiens"
bn:02378398n	 "Robotics;Notes is a visual novel video game developed by 5pb." "2012 video game"
bn:00047566n	 "Something that causes irritation and annoyance" "Something that causes irritation and annoyance" "A condition of morbid excitability or oversensitiveness of an organ or part of the body; a state in which the application of ordinary stimuli produces pain or excessive or vitiated action." "Oversensitiveness of part of the body." "He's a thorn in my flesh" "He's a thorn in my flesh"
bn:00044939n	 "A pad for use under a hot dish to protect a table" "A pad for use under a hot dish to protect a table" "A placemat or table mat is a covering or pad designating an individual place setting, unlike the larger tablecloth that covers the entire surface." "covering or pad designating an individual place setting,"
bn:00053375n	 "Venetian traveler who explored Asia in the 13th century and served Kublai Khan (1254-1324)" "Venetian traveler who explored Asia in the 13th century and served Kublai Khan (1254-1324)" "Marco Polo was a Venetian merchant, explorer, and writer who travelled through Asia along the Silk Road between 1271 and 1295."
bn:00072318n	 "Air pollution by a mixture of smoke and fog" "Air pollution by a mixture of smoke and fog" "Smog is a type of intense air pollution." "Severe air pollution" "Air pollution consisting of smoke and fog." "A noxious mixture of particulates and gases that is the result of urban air pollution." "Urban air pollution."
bn:00068819n	 "A narrative telling the adventures of a hero or a family; originally (12th to 14th centuries) a story of the families that settled Iceland and their descendants but now any prose narrative that resembles such an account" "A narrative telling the adventures of a hero or a family; originally (12th to 14th centuries) a story of the families that settled Iceland and their descendants but now any prose narrative that resembles such an account" "Sagas are prose stories and histories, composed in Iceland and to a lesser extent elsewhere in Scandinavia." "Hestia and Estonia in early Latin sources is the origin of the modern national name of Estonia." "An Old Norse (Icelandic) prose narrative, especially one dealing with family or social histories and legends." "Old Norse Icelandic prose."
bn:00033974n	 "Any distracting or deceptive maneuver (as a mock attack)" "Any distracting or deceptive maneuver (as a mock attack)" "Feint is a French term that entered English via the discipline of swordsmanship and fencing." "A technique used in strategy games and warfare"
bn:00031345n	 "Solid-hoofed herbivorous quadruped domesticated since prehistoric times" "Solid-hoofed herbivorous quadruped domesticated since prehistoric times" "The horse is one of two extant subspecies of Equus ferus." "As rural slang" "Domesticated animal" "A large animal with four legs of the Equus caballus species which people ride on or use for carrying things or pulling vehicles."
bn:02979736n	 "MERLOT is an online repository and international consortium of institutions of higher education, industry partners, professional organizations and individuals." "A program of the California State University in partnership with higher education institutions, professional societies, and industry." "online repository and international consortium of institutions"
bn:00012706n	 "The clear (and often sudden) understanding of a complex situation" "The clear (and often sudden) understanding of a complex situation" "Insight is the understanding of a specific cause and effect within a particular context." "A sudden thought, particularly one that solves a long-standing problem." "Sudden thought." "A sudden idea, understanding, or inspiration; a brainstorm." "Sudden idea, understanding, or inspiration." "An extended understanding of a subject resulting from identification of relationships and behaviors within a model, context, or scenario." "I had been working on the problem for weeks, and then I had a brainstorm and saw that the solution was easy."
bn:00051704n	 "The quality of being disgusting to the senses or emotions" "The quality of being disgusting to the senses or emotions" "A loathsome thing." "The characteristic of being repulsive." "The vileness of his language surprised us" "The vileness of his language surprised us"
bn:00040436n	 "Something acquired without compensation" "Something acquired without compensation" "A gift or a present is an item given to someone without the expectation of payment or anything in return." "The transfer of something without the expectation of receiving something in return" "Object given without the expectation of payment"
bn:03320326n	 "SACRED was a Cubesat built by the Student Satellite Program of the University of Arizona."
bn:00660423n	 "MOrphogenesis is an EP by industrial black metal band ..."
bn:00081659n	 "Unfermented or fermenting malt" "Unfermented or fermenting malt" "Wort is the liquid extracted from the mashing process during the brewing of beer or whisky." "The liquid created by the mashing of malted barley to use in brewing beer" "Liquid extracted from the mashing process during the brewing of beer or whisky" "Liquid extract from the ground malt and grain soaked in hot water, the mash, as one of the steps in making beer." "Liquid extract."
bn:00043959n	 "A positional system of numeration that uses hexadecimal digits and a radix of sixteen" "A positional system of numeration that uses hexadecimal digits and a radix of sixteen" "In mathematics and computing, the hexadecimal numeral system is a positional numeral system that represents numbers using a radix of 16." "Or hex, a base-16 number system often used in computer nomenclature" "Numerical system on base 16" "A number system with base sixteen, using the digits 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, A, B, C, D, E and F, most used in computing as a hexadecimal digit can represent four bits, half a standard byte." "Number system with base sixteen."
bn:00078214n	 "The property of being shaped like a triangle" "The property of being shaped like a triangle" "A polygon with three sides and three angles." "Polygon." "The state or quality of having the shape of a triangle."
bn:00026810n	 "The branch of medical science dealing with the classification of disease" "The branch of medical science dealing with the classification of disease" "Diagnosis is the identification of the nature and cause of a certain phenomenon." "Nosology is the branch of medical science that deals with the classification of diseases." "Medical shorthand symbol generally written as Dx or D x" "Classification of diseases" "Branch of medicine that deals with classification of diseases" "The study of diseases; the systematic investigation or classification of disease." "The systematic investigation or classification of disease."
bn:00030462n	 "A mortician who treats corpses with preservatives" "A mortician who treats corpses with preservatives" "One who embalms a corpse; a practicioner of mortuary science." "One who embalms."
bn:03729369n	 "BIFF, later sometimes B1FF, was a pseudonym on, and the prototypical newbie of, Usenet." "A Usenet/internet pseudonym"
bn:00009656n	 "(behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward other people" "(behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward other people" "Manner of behaving oneself; manner of acting." "Any observable action or response of an organism, group or species to environmental factors." "The way a living creature behaves or acts generally." "The way a living creature behaves or acts." "She can't stop the strange behaviour because she has OCD (obsessive-compulsive disorder)."
bn:01308772n	 "A SuperGun is a device used to play arcade games in lieu of requiring a full arcade cabinet." "device used to play arcade games in lieu of requiring a full arcade cabinet"
bn:00055981n	 "Tiny leafy-stemmed flowerless plants" "Tiny leafy-stemmed flowerless plants" "Mosses, the taxonomic division Bryophyta or the bryophytes, are small, non-vascular flowerless plants that typically form dense green clumps or mats, often in damp or shady locations." "A specific group of leafy bryophytes, now regarded as Division Bryophyta (sensu stricto)." "Any plant of the class Bryophyta, occurring in nearly all damp habitats." "Any of various small, green, seedless plants growing on the ground or on the surfaces of trees, stones, etc.; now specifically, a plant of the phylum Bryophyta (formerly division Musci)." "Plants of the division Bryophyta."
bn:17059961n	 "Indigo is a deep and rich color close to the color wheel blue, as well as to some variants of ultramarine, based on the ancient dye of the same name." "Deep and bright shade of blue" "A color, between blue and violet, having an electromagnetic spectrum between about 420 and 450 nm in wavelength."
bn:15886616n	 "AMPHORA is an open-source bioinformatics workflow." "A bioinformatics software for meteganomics analysis" "free software"
bn:00024990n	 "A nihilistic art movement (especially in painting) that flourished in Europe early in the 20th century; based on irrationality and negation of the accepted laws of beauty" "A nihilistic art movement (especially in painting) that flourished in Europe early in the 20th century; based on irrationality and negation of the accepted laws of beauty" "Dada or Dadaism was an art movement of the European avant-garde in the early 20th century, with early centres in Zürich, Switzerland, at the Cabaret Voltaire ; New York Dada began circa 1915, and after 1920 Dada flourished in Paris." "A cultural movement that started in Switzerland and peaked from 1916 to 1922, which rejects reason and logic, prizing nonsense, irrationality and intuition." "A cultural movement that began in Zürich, Switzerland during and as a reaction to World War I and peaked from 1916 to 1920, which primarily involved visual arts, literature (mainly poetry), theatre, and graphic design, and was characterized by deliberate irrationality, disillusionment, cynicism, nihilism, randomness, and rejection of the prevailing standards in art." "The cultural movement of Dada."
bn:00037374n	 "A band (usually elastic) worn around the leg to hold up a stocking (or around the arm to hold up a sleeve)" "A band (usually elastic) worn around the leg to hold up a stocking (or around the arm to hold up a sleeve)" "A garter is an article of clothing comprising a narrow band of fabric fastened about the leg to keep up stockings." "An item of clothing used to hold up stockings" "Stocking supporter" "A band worn around the leg to hold up a sock or stocking." "Band around leg." "A garter worn around the leg to support a sock or stocking."
bn:01635927n	 "Unison, stylised as UNISON, is the 2nd largest trade union in the United Kingdom with almost 1.4 million members." "A British trade union" "largest trade union in the United Kingdom with almost 1.4 million members" "A public-sector trade union in the United Kingdom."
bn:00957346n	 "Historically, a kiosk was a small garden pavilion open on some or all sides common in Persia, the Indian subcontinent, and in the Ottoman Empire from the 13th century onward." "Small booth offering goods and services, or forming a shelter for loisirs" "A small enclosed structure, often freestanding, open on one side or with a window, used as a booth to sell newspapers, cigarettes, etc."
bn:00375126n	 "Gamma is the third letter of the Greek alphabet." "Letter in the Greek alphabet"
bn:00042810n	 "Advantage given to a competitor to equalize chances of winning" "Advantage given to a competitor to equalize chances of winning" "A race or similar contest in which there is an allowance of time, distance, weight, or other advantage, to equalize the chances of the competitors."
bn:00057942n	 "A failure to act when under an obligation to do so; a refusal (without sufficient excuse) to do that which it is your legal duty to do" "A failure to act when under an obligation to do so; a refusal (without sufficient excuse) to do that which it is your legal duty to do"
bn:00043811n	 "(genetics) attributes acquired via biological heredity from the parents" "(genetics) attributes acquired via biological heredity from the parents" "The hereditary passing of biological attributes from the parents to its offspring." "The biological attributes passed hereditarily from ancestors to their offspring." "Biological attributes passed to offspring."
bn:00018734n	 "An aircraft without wings that obtains its lift from the rotation of overhead blades" "An aircraft without wings that obtains its lift from the rotation of overhead blades" "A helicopter is a type of rotorcraft in which lift and thrust are supplied by horizontally-spinning rotors." "Type of rotor craft in which lift and thrust are supplied by rotors" "An aircraft without wings that obtains its lift from the rotation of overhead blades."
bn:00022146n	 "Lack of respect accompanied by a feeling of intense dislike" "Lack of respect accompanied by a feeling of intense dislike" "Contempt is a pattern of attitudes and behaviour, often towards an individual or group, but sometimes towards an ideology, which has the characteristics of disgust and anger." "Advanced emotion" "The feeling or attitude of regarding someone or something as inferior, base, or worthless." "A feeling of contempt for anything regarded as unworthy." "The state or act of contemning; the feeling or attitude of regarding someone or something as inferior, base, or worthless; scorn, disdain." "A feeling or attitude." "Action or behaviour displaying such feelings; an outrage, insult." "That which is worthy to be disdained or regarded with contempt and aversion." "Contempt or disdain." "Contempt, disdain." "He was held in contempt" "The despite in which outsiders were held is legendary" "He was held in contempt" "The despite in which outsiders were held is legendary"
bn:00048853n	 "An alcoholic drink made from the aromatic roots of the kava shrub" "An alcoholic drink made from the aromatic roots of the kava shrub" "An intoxicating beverage made from the kava plant." "Intoxicating beverage made from the kava plant."
bn:00063533n	 "An intelligent dog with a heavy curly solid-colored coat that is usually clipped; an old breed sometimes trained as sporting dogs or as performing dogs" "An intelligent dog with a heavy curly solid-colored coat that is usually clipped; an old breed sometimes trained as sporting dogs or as performing dogs" "The Poodle is a dog breed that comes in three varieties: Standard Poodle, Miniature Poodle, and Toy Poodle." "A Webkinz character" "Group of Dog breeds, originating from continental Western Europe" "A French breed of dog with curly hair." "A breed of dog originating in Europe as hunting dogs, and having heavy, curly coat in a solid color; their shoulder height indicates their classification as standard, medium, miniature, or toy."
bn:03640235n	 "For the Tokyo University supercomputer, see Gravity Pipe." "A computer programming environment"
bn:01408066n	 "WHEY is a non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve North Muskegon, Michigan, United States." "Non-commercial educational radio station"
bn:00036010n	 "The practice of predicting people's futures (usually for payment)" "The practice of predicting people's futures (usually for payment)" "Fortune telling is the practice of predicting information about a person's life." "Predicting the future, usually of an individual, often commercially" "Practice of predicting information about a person's life" "The practice of predicting information about a person's future." "The act or practise of predicting the future (especially for money), as by using a crystal ball, reading palms, reading tea leaves in a cup, etc.; prediction of future events, especially those of a personal nature." "Fortunetelling, predicting one's future."
bn:00050528n	 "Preference for using the left hand" "Preference for using the left hand"
bn:00018190n	 "An angel of the second order whose gift is knowledge; usually portrayed as a winged child" "An angel of the second order whose gift is knowledge; usually portrayed as a winged child" "A cherub is one of the unearthly beings who directly attend to God, according to Abrahamic religions." "Winged angelic being" "An angel with wings and the plump face and body of a child." "An artistic depiction of such a being, typically in the form of a winged child or a child's head with wings but no body." "Artistic depiction of such a being."
bn:00009512n	 "Solid unweathered rock lying beneath surface deposits of soil" "Solid unweathered rock lying beneath surface deposits of soil" "Bedrock in geology is the lithified rock that lies under loose softer material called regolith within the surface of the Earth's crust or other terrestrial planets." "Consolidated rock beneath a planet's surface" "The solid rock that exists at some depth below the ground surface. Bedrock is rock \"in place\", as opposed to material that has been transported from another location by weathering and erosion."
bn:00009657n	 "(psychology) the aggregate of the responses or reactions or movements made by an organism in any situation" "(psychology) the aggregate of the responses or reactions or movements made by an organism in any situation" "Behavior or behaviour is the actions and mannerisms made by individuals, organisms, systems or artificial entities in conjunction with themselves or their environment, which includes the other systems or organisms around as well as the physical environment." "Way that one acts in different situations" "Any observable action or response of an organism, group or species to environmental factors." "Observable response produced by an organism."
bn:01643692n	 "rEFIt is a boot menu and maintenance toolkit for EFI-based machines like the Intel Macs."
bn:01390390n	 "METeOR, Australia’s repository for national metadata standards for health, housing and community services statistics and information." "An Australian information repository" "Australia’s repository for national metadata standards"
bn:00595980n	 "MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership is an advocate and resource for mentoring in the United States." "A nonprofit organization that promotes mentorship" "nonprofit organization based in Boston, Massachusetts"
bn:00866463n	 "SpringBoard is the standard application that manages the iPhone's home screen." "The home screen application of the iOS" "Built-in application that manages the home screen on iOS"
bn:00026160n	 "A statistic characterizing human populations (or segments of human populations broken down by age or sex or income etc.)" "A statistic characterizing human populations (or segments of human populations broken down by age or sex or income etc.)"
bn:03758902n	 "KEEL is an American radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format." "An AM radio station in Shreveport, Louisiana" "News/Talk radio station in Shreveport, Louisiana."
bn:00051714n	 "The practice of lobbying; the activities of a lobbyist" "The practice of lobbying; the activities of a lobbyist"
bn:00043812n	 "The biological process whereby genetic factors are transmitted from one generation to the next" "The biological process whereby genetic factors are transmitted from one generation to the next" "Heredity, also called inheritance or biological inheritance, is the passing on of traits from parents to their offspring; either through asexual reproduction or sexual reproduction, the offspring cells or organisms acquire the genetic information of their parents." "Passing of genetic traits to offspring" "Passing of traits to offspring from its parents or ancestor" "Hereditary transmission of the physical and genetic qualities of parents to their offspring; the biological law by which living beings tend to repeat their characteristics in their descendants." "Hereditary transmission."
bn:00073888n	 "Someone who speaks with involuntary pauses and repetitions" "Someone who speaks with involuntary pauses and repetitions" "Agent noun of stammer; one who stammers; a stutterer." "Agent noun of stutter; one who stutters, one who speaks with a stutter." "One who stutters."
bn:00076572n	 "Mexican liquor made from fermented juices of an agave plant" "Mexican liquor made from fermented juices of an agave plant" "Tequila is a distilled beverage made from the blue agave plant, primarily in the area surrounding the city of Tequila 65 km northwest of Guadalajara, and in the Jaliscan Highlands of the central western Mexican state of Jalisco." "A spirit made primarily in the area surrounding Tequila." "An alcoholic liquor distilled from the fermented juice of the Central American century plant Agave tequilana." "Liquor."
bn:00043957n	 "A digit from 0 to 15 in hexadecimal notation" "A digit from 0 to 15 in hexadecimal notation"
bn:01389728n	 "HAMMER is a high-availability 64-bit file system developed by Matthew Dillon for DragonFly BSD using B+ trees." "A file system in DragonFly BSD" "File system from DragonFly BSD"
bn:13894363n	 "CRIME is a security exploit against secret web cookies over connections using the HTTPS and SPDY protocols that also use data compression." "A security exploit against the HTTPS protocol" "A particular security exploit against secret Web cookies over connections using the HTTPS and SPDY protocols that also use data compression. It relies on observing the change in size of the compressed ciphertext for various inputs."
bn:00034979n	 "Any cell or one-celled organism equipped with a flagellum" "Any cell or one-celled organism equipped with a flagellum"
bn:00048878n	 "One of the main longitudinal beams (or plates) of the hull of a vessel; can extend vertically into the water to provide lateral stability" "One of the main longitudinal beams (or plates) of the hull of a vessel; can extend vertically into the water to provide lateral stability" "The keel is the bottom-most longitudinal structural element on a vessel." "The central beam of the hull of a boat"
bn:00063423n	 "A closed plane figure bounded by straight sides" "A closed plane figure bounded by straight sides" "In geometry, a polygon is a plane figure that is described by a finite number of straight line segments connected to form a closed polygonal chain or polygonal circuit." "A geometric figure" "Plane figure bounded by line segments" "Geometrical figure that is circumscribed by straight lines." "A polygon with 100 sides." "A plane figure bounded by edges that are all straight lines." "Plane figure bounded by straight edges."
bn:00002512n	 "Large northern deer with enormous flattened antlers in the male; called `elk' in Europe and `moose' in North America" "Large northern deer with enormous flattened antlers in the male; called `elk' in Europe and `moose' in North America" "The moose or elk, Alces alces, is a member of the New World deer subfamily and is the largest and heaviest extant species in the deer family." "A species of animal alternatively known as the elk" "Species of mammal" "The largest member of the deer family (Alces alces), of which the male has very large, palmate antlers." "The largest member of the deer family (Alces americanus, sometimes included in Alces alces), of which the male has very large, palmate antlers." "Largest member of the deer family (Alces alces)." "We saw a moose at the edge of the woods."
bn:16815201n	 "Teal is a blue-green colour." "A blue-green color" "Low-saturated color, a bluish-green to dark medium, similar to medium blue-green and dark cyan"
bn:00080435n	 "A specific feeling of desire" "A specific feeling of desire" "The idea can be examined from many perspectives." "Economic term for something that is desired" "He got his wish" "He was above all wishing and desire" "He got his wish" "He was above all wishing and desire"
bn:00006465n	 "Murder of a public figure by surprise attack" "Murder of a public figure by surprise attack" "Assassination is the act of deliberately killing a prominent or important person, such as heads of state, politicians, royalty, celebrities, or CEOs." "Usually for payment or political reasons." "Physical attack of another person" "Murder of a prominent person, often a political leader or ruler" "The deliberate and usually public murder of a political, public or other significant figure." "The murder of a person, especially for political reasons or for personal gain." "Murder for political reasons or personal gain." "The crime whose action is such an attempt." "The assassination of the king occurred at night."
bn:01205950n	 "WADI is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Corinth, Mississippi, United States." "A radio station (95.3 FM) in Corinth, Mississippi, United States" "Radio station"
bn:01897649n	 "INFORM is an independent registered charity located in the Department of Theology and Religious Studies at King's College, London since 2018; from 1988-2018 it was based at the London School of Economics." "A state-funded British charity providing information on new religious movements"
bn:00054461n	 "Black wine grape originally from the region of Bordeaux" "Black wine grape originally from the region of Bordeaux" "Merlot is a dark blue–colored wine grape variety, that is used as both a blending grape and for varietal wines." "Red wine grape variety" "Dark blue-colored variety of wine-making grape" "A dark-blue variety of wine grape." "Dark-blue variety of wine grape."
bn:00312211n	 "Real-time optimally adapting mesh, is a continuous level of detail algorithm that optimizes terrain meshes." "A computer graphics algorithm"
bn:01697088n	 "GNOME is a free and open-source desktop environment for Unix-like operating systems." "A desktop environment software for computers running GNU/Linux and Unix-like operating systems" "Desktop environment and graphical user interface" "A desktop environment—a graphical user interface that runs on top of a computer operating system—composed entirely of free and open source software." "An open source, free software computer desktop environment for Unix operating systems."
bn:14392546n	 "IMAM was an Italian aircraft manufacturer founded in 1923." "Company"
bn:00061574n	 "(Persian folklore) a supernatural being descended from fallen angels and excluded from paradise until penance is done" "(Persian folklore) a supernatural being descended from fallen angels and excluded from paradise until penance is done" "Peri are exquisite, winged spirits renowned for their beauty." "A sprite or supernatural being." "Sprite in Persian mythology."
bn:00068246n	 "(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground" "(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground" "In vascular plants, the roots are the organs of a plant that are modified to provide anchorage for the plant and take in water and nutrients into the plant body, which allows plants to grow taller and faster." "Organ of a higher plant that anchors the rest of the plant in the ground, absorbs water and mineral salts from the soil, and does not bear leaves or buds" "The absorbing and anchoring organ of a vascular plant; it bears neither leaves nor flowers and is usually subterranean." "The part of a plant, generally underground, that anchors and supports the plant body, absorbs and stores water and nutrients, and in some plants is able to perform vegetative reproduction." "Part of a plant." "This tree's roots can go as deep as twenty metres underground."
bn:02732043n	 "The MULtilingual Enhancement is computer software which adds extra written language characters to the GNU Emacs text editor and programming environment." "The MUltiLingual Extension to Emacs allowing editing text written in multiple languages" "Computer software"
bn:00062118n	 "The grammatical arrangement of words in sentences" "The grammatical arrangement of words in sentences" "In linguistics, syntax is the set of rules, principles, and processes that govern the structure of sentences in a given language, usually including word order." "The linguistic field that studies the inner structure of sentences" "In linguistics, the study of the rules that govern the way words combine to form phrases and phrases combine to form sentences." "A set of rules that govern how words are combined to form phrases and sentences." "Set of rules that govern how words are combined."
bn:00014143n	 "Customers collectively" "Customers collectively" "The group of all customers of a shop, a public local, an office etc." "Customers collectively; clientele; business." "Customers collectively; clientele; business." "They have an upper class clientele" "They have an upper class clientele" "The restaurant had an upper-class patronage."
bn:00078425n	 "A strong feeling of anxiety" "A strong feeling of anxiety" "Worry refers to the thoughts, images, emotions, and actions of a negative nature in a repetitive, uncontrollable manner that results from a proactive cognitive risk analysis made to avoid or solve anticipated potential threats and their potential consequences." "Thoughts and images of a negative nature related to anticipated potential threats" "Thoughts, images, emotions, and actions of a negative nature in a repetitive, uncontrollable manner that results from a proactive cognitive risk analysis made to avoid or solve anticipated potential threats and their potential consequences" "A strong feeling of anxiety." "A difficulty, problem, condition, or action contributing to such a situation." "Difficulty." "A strong feeling of anxiety." "Strong feeling of anxiety." "His worry over the prospect of being fired" "It is not work but worry that kills" "He wanted to die and end his troubles" "He wanted to die and end his troubles" "His worry over the prospect of being fired" "It is not work but worry that kills" "The trouble was a leaking brake line. The trouble with that suggestion is that we lack the funds to put it in motion. The bridge column magnified the trouble with a slight tilt in the wrong direction." "I'm afflicted by worry throughout the night."
bn:00073887n	 "A speech disorder involving hesitations and involuntary repetitions of certain sounds" "A speech disorder involving hesitations and involuntary repetitions of certain sounds" "Stuttering, also known as stammering and dysphemia, is a speech disorder in which the flow of speech is disrupted by involuntary repetitions and prolongations of sounds, syllables, words, or phrases as well as involuntary silent pauses or blocks in which the person who stutters is unable to produce sounds." "A speech disorder that sounds like cluttering, and a common word for cluttered speech." "Speech disorder" "The involuntary repetition of a sound in speech." "Involuntary repetition of sounds in speech." "A speech disorder characterised by stuttering." "Speech disorder." "A speech disorder in which the flow of speech is disrupted by involuntary repetitions and prolongations of sounds, syllables, words or phrases, and by involuntary silent pauses or blocks in which the stutterer is unable to produce sounds." "A speech disorder."
bn:00041400n	 "Any of numerous woody vines of genus Vitis bearing clusters of edible berries" "Any of numerous woody vines of genus Vitis bearing clusters of edible berries" "A small, round, smooth-skinned edible fruit, usually purple, red, or green, that grows in bunches on certain vines." "A woody vine that bears clusters of grapes; a grapevine; of genus Vitis." "Vine." "The plant, a vine of genus Vitis, on which grapes grow." "The plant on which grapes grow." "Although many grape vines have geographical names, those rarely reflect their real origin, if known at all."
bn:00476998n	 "SHERIFF is a telecom fraud detection and management system, originally developed by BT and MCI." "A telecom fraud detection system"
bn:00024743n	 "(meteorology) rapid inward circulation of air masses about a low pressure center; circling counterclockwise in the northern hemisphere and clockwise in the southern" "(meteorology) rapid inward circulation of air masses about a low pressure center; circling counterclockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the southern" "In meteorology, a cyclone is a large scale air mass that rotates around a strong center of low atmospheric pressure." "Large scale air mass that rotates around a strong center of low pressure" "MF classification for a cyclone with 1-min sustained winds of 72–97 knots" "A storm characterized by the converging and rising giratory movement of the wind around a zone of low pressure (the eye) towards which it is violently pulled from a zone of high pressure."
bn:00058408n	 "Someone who rows a boat" "Someone who rows a boat" "A man who rows a boat, either alone or with others."
bn:01969713n	 "VEST ciphers are a set of families of general-purpose hardware-dedicated ciphers that support single pass authenticated encryption and can operate as collision-resistant hash functions designed by Sean O'Neil, Benjamin Gittins and Howard Landman." "A set of families of general-purpose hardware-dedicated ciphers"
bn:00071599n	 "A fabric made from the fine threads produced by certain insect larvae" "A fabric made from the fine threads produced by certain insect larvae" "Silk is a natural protein fiber, some forms of which can be woven into textiles." "Fine, lustrous, natural fiber produced by the larvae of various silk moths, especially the species Bombyx mori" "One of the finest textiles, obtained from cocoons of certain species of caterpillars; it is soft, very strong and absorbent and has a brilliant sheen." "A fine, soft cloth woven from silk fibers."
bn:02149776n	 "WORT is a listener-sponsored community radio station, broadcasting from 118 S. Bedford St. in Madison, Wisconsin, USA." "A listener-sponsored community radio station in Madison, Wisconsin"
bn:00017544n	 "A Swiss house with a sloping roof and wide eaves or a house built in this style" "A Swiss house with a sloping roof and wide eaves or a house built in this style" "A chalet, also called Swiss chalet, is a type of building or house, typical of the Alpine region in Europe." "Type of building or house, native to the Alpine region" "An alpine style of wooden building with a sloping roof and overhanging eaves." "Wooden house."
bn:00196596n	 "CHALET was a mnemonic indicating a protocol used by UK emergency services to report situations which they may be faced with, especially as it relates to major incidents."
bn:00042730n	 "A hand tool with a heavy rigid head and a handle; used to deliver an impulsive force by striking" "A hand tool with a heavy rigid head and a handle; used to deliver an impulsive force by striking" "A hammer is a tool consisting of a weighted \"head\" fixed to a long handle that is swung to deliver an impact to a small area of an object." "A tool with a heavy head and a handle used for pounding."
bn:02015072n	 "GNOSIS is a capability-based operating system that was researched during the 1970s at Tymshare, Inc."
bn:00025964n	 "The act of swallowing" "The act of swallowing" "Swallowing, sometimes called deglutition in scientific contexts, is the process in the human or animal body that allows for a substance to pass from the mouth, to the pharynx, and into the esophagus, while shutting the epiglottis." "Process used to transport food and saliva from the mouth to the stomach" "The reflex in the human body that makes something pass from the mouth to the pharynx and into the esophagus, with the shutting of the epiglottis." "The act of swallowing." "The act or process of swallowing." "The action of drinking, especially with the verbs take or have." "Action of drinking." "The amount swallowed in one gulp; the act of swallowing." "Amount swallowed." "The act of swallowing." "Act of swallowing." "He took a drink of his beer and smacked his lips" "One swallow of the liquid was enough" "One swallow of the liquid was enough" "He took a drink of his beer and smacked his lips" "He took the aspirin with a single swallow of water." "He was about to take a drink from his root beer."
bn:00074866n	 "In some classifications considered a phylum of the kingdom Protista; holozoic or saprozoic flagellates" "In some classifications considered a phylum of the kingdom Protista; holozoic or saprozoic flagellates"
bn:00079864n	 "A man's sleeveless garment worn underneath a coat" "A man's sleeveless garment worn underneath a coat" "A waistcoat in BrE, or vest in AmE, is a sleeveless upper-body garment." "Upper-body garment extending well below the waist, sometimes with sleeves in the 18th century, more often sleeveless" "A usually sleeveless garment worn over a shirt." "A sleeveless garment that buttons down the front, worn over a shirt, and often as part of a suit; a waistcoat." "Garment worn over a shirt." "A sleeveless, collarless garment worn over a shirt and under a suit jacket." "A sleeveless, collarless garment."
bn:01834088n	 "Southern Petrochemical Industries Corporation Ltd, or SPIC, is an Indian company that makes petrochemicals." "Indian corporation"
bn:00057995n	 "A storm blowing from the northeast" "A storm blowing from the northeast" "A nor'easter is a synoptic-scale extratropical cyclone in the western North Atlantic Ocean." "An extratropical storm, usually found in coastal New England and Atlantic Canada, whose winds usually come from the northeast."
bn:01870367n	 "Jason Connoy, better known as MoSS, is a Canadian hip-hop record producer from Toronto, Ontario." "A Canadian hip-hop producer" "Canadian record producer"
bn:00081857n	 "The period of time that it takes for a planet (as, e.g., Earth or Mars) to make a complete revolution around the sun" "The period of time that it takes for a planet (as, e.g., Earth or Mars) to make a complete revolution around the sun" "A year is the orbital period of a planetary body, for example, the Earth, moving in its orbit around the Sun." "A non-SI abbreviation for this unit of time" "Estimated period of time for the Earth's orbit around the Sun and observed at a fixed geographic point, lasting about 365.25 days on average to the nearest half day; base later modified to define or adjust various calendars" "The time it takes the Earth to complete one revolution of the Sun (between 365.24 and 365.26 days depending on the point of reference)." "The time it takes for any astronomical object (such as a planet, dwarf planet, small Solar System body, or comet) in direct orbit around a star (such as the Sun) to make one revolution around the star." "A Martian year takes 687 of our days" "A Martian year takes 687 of our days" "Mars goes around the sun once in a Martian year, or 1.88 Earth years."
bn:02139413n	 "Illinois Public Media, previously \"WILL AM-FM-TV\", is a not-for-profit organization located within the College of Media at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, which is responsible for the university's public media service activities." "The call sign of three public broadcasting stations" "University of Illinois AM, FM, and TV stations"
bn:00014396n	 "A colorless odorless alkane gas used as fuel" "A colorless odorless alkane gas used as fuel" "Ethane is an organic chemical compound with chemical formula C2H6." "Chemical compound" "A colourless, flammable gaseous hydrocarbon with two carbon atoms." "An aliphatic hydrocarbon, C2H6, gaseous at normal temperatures and pressures, being a constituent of natural gas."
bn:00028934n	 "The solid part of the earth's surface" "The solid part of the earth's surface" "Land, also known as terra, is the solid surface of the Earth that is not permanently covered by water." "Solid surface of Earth that is not permanently covered by water" "Total surface area of the land of a geographical region or country ; Earth's total land mass is approximately 148,939,063.133 km2" "A specified geographical tract of the Earth's surface including all its attributes, comprising its geology, superficial deposits, topography, hydrology, soils, flora and fauna, together with the results of past and present human activity, to the extent that these attributes exert a significant influence on the present and future land utilization. " "The ground, land (as opposed to the sky or sea)." "The ground, land." "The surface of the Earth, as opposed to the sky or water or underground." "Surface of the Earth." "The part of Earth which is not covered by oceans or other bodies of water." "Part of Earth that is not covered by oceans or other bodies of water." "Land, as opposed to water or air." "Land, as opposed to water or air." "The plane turned away from the sea and moved back over land" "The earth shook for several minutes" "He dropped the logs on the ground" "The plane turned away from the sea and moved back over land" "The earth shook for several minutes" "He dropped the logs on the ground" "Birds are of the sky, not of the earth." "Look, I found a ten dollar bill on the ground!" "Most insects live on land."
bn:00030494n	 "Sculpture consisting of shapes carved on a surface so as to stand out from the surrounding background" "Sculpture consisting of shapes carved on a surface so as to stand out from the surrounding background" "Relief is a sculptural technique where the sculpted elements remain attached to a solid background of the same material." "Sculpture created with relief technique" "A sculptured artwork where a modeled form is raised (or alternatively lowered) from a flattened background without being disconnected from it." "A type of sculpture or other artwork in which shapes or figures protrude from a flat background." "Type of artwork."
bn:00056422n	 "In ancient Greek mythology any of 9 daughters of Zeus and Mnemosyne; protector of an art or science" "In ancient Greek mythology any of 9 daughters of Zeus and Mnemosyne; protector of an art or science" "In ancient Greek religion and mythology, the Muses are the inspirational goddesses of literature, science, and the arts." "One of the nine Ancient Greek deities of the arts." "One of the nine Ancient Greek deities of the arts."
bn:00529781n	 "KIOSK is an art, design and architecture magazine, the first edition of which was published in November 2007." "An art, design and architecture magazine."
bn:00080537n	 "Social or solitary hymenopterans typically having a slender body with the abdomen attached by a narrow stalk and having a formidable sting" "Social or solitary hymenopterans typically having a slender body with the abdomen attached by a narrow stalk and having a formidable sting" "A wasp is any insect of the narrow-waisted suborder Apocrita of the order Hymenoptera which is neither a bee nor an ant; this excludes the broad-waisted sawflies, which look somewhat like wasps but are in a separate suborder." "Members of the order Hymenoptera which are not ants nor bees" "Members of the order Hymenoptera which are not ants" "A flying stinging insect related to the bee, which is usually coloured yellow and black." "Any of the members of suborder Apocrita, excepting the ants (family Formicidae) and bees (clade Anthophila)."
bn:03890595n	 "In computing, a CURIE defines a generic, abbreviated syntax for expressing Uniform Resource Identifiers." "A syntax for Compact URIs."
bn:00019625n	 "Water soaked soil; soft wet earth" "Water soaked soil; soft wet earth" "Mud is soil, loam, silt or clay mixed with water." "Mud is soil, loam, silt or clay mixed with water." "Multi-User Dimension, or Multi-User Domain), a type of multi-user online virtual environment" "Mixture of water and any combination of soil, silt, and clay" "Video game genre" "A mixture of clay and/or silt with water to form a plastic mass with a particle size preponderantly below 0.06 mm diameter. It is deposited in low-energy environments in lakes, estuaries and lagoons. It may also be deposited in deep-sea environments. "
bn:02384069n	 "SyNAPSE is a DARPA program that aims to develop electronic neuromorphic machine technology, an attempt to build a new kind of cognitive computer with form, function, and architecture similar to the mammalian brain." "A DARPA project: Systems of Neuromorphic Adaptive Plastic Scalable Electronics"
bn:01733216n	 "WASTE is a peer-to-peer and friend-to-friend protocol and software application developed by Justin Frankel at Nullsoft in 2003 that features instant messaging, chat rooms, and file browsing/sharing capabilities." "A piece of software for establishing friend-to-friend (dark P2P) file sharing networks" "Instant messaging client"
bn:00053572n	 "Marten of northern Asian forests having luxuriant dark brown fur" "Marten of northern Asian forests having luxuriant dark brown fur" "The sable is a species of marten, a small omnivorous mammal primarily inhabiting the forest environments of Russia, from the Ural Mountains throughout Siberia, and northern Mongolia." "A marten of the species Martes zibellina."
bn:00037572n	 "Wheelwork consisting of a connected set of rotating gears by which force is transmitted or motion or torque is changed" "Wheelwork consisting of a connected set of rotating gears by which force is transmitted or motion or torque is changed" "In a motor vehicle, the powertrain consists of the source of propulsion and the drivetrain system which transfers this energy into forward movement of the vehicle." "A gear train is a mechanical system formed by mounting gears on a frame so the teeth of the gears engage." "The components of a motor vehicle including both engine and drivetrain." "In mechanics -- an arrangement of gears" "Interconnected series of two or more gears in a machine" "A configuration of the transmission of an motor car so as to achieve a particular ratio of engine to axle torque." "A group of animals, vehicles, or people that follow one another in a line." "A wheel with grooves (teeth) engraved on the outer circumference, such that two such devices can interlock and convey motion from one to the other; a gear wheel." "The group of components in a vehicle that generate power and deliver it to the road surface, water, or air." "Powertrain." "The fool got his tie caught in the geartrain" "The fool got his tie caught in the geartrain"
bn:00071379n	 "A small locomotive used to move cars around but not to make trips" "A small locomotive used to move cars around but not to make trips" "A switcher, shunter, yard pilot, switch engine, yard goat, or shifter is a small railroad locomotive used for manoeuvring railroad cars inside a rail yard in a process known as switching or shunting." "A shunting locomotive" "Small railroad locomotive intended for assembling trains" "A railway locomotive used for shunting; a switcher." "A railway locomotive used for shunting." "A railway locomotive used for shunting; a shunter." "A railway locomotive used for shunting; a shunter."
bn:01190195n	 "Relief, formerly known as Panorama, is a public affairs newsmagazine series in Canada, airing nightly in Ontario on TFO, the Franco-Ontarian public television network." "A Canadian news television series" "Television series"
bn:00046048n	 "Any substance or organism that provokes an immune response (produces immunity) when introduced into the body" "Any substance or organism that provokes an immune response (produces immunity) when introduced into the body" "An immunogen is an antigen or any substance that may be specifically bound by components of the immune system." "In medicine, any substance that is capable of causing an immune reaction by acting as an antigen or aptene" "Any substance that elicits a immune response; an antigen."
bn:00066185n	 "A part of a river where the current is very fast" "A part of a river where the current is very fast" "Rapids are sections of a river where the river bed has a relatively steep gradient, causing an increase in water velocity and turbulence." "Section of a river where the river bed is relatively steep, increasing the water's velocity and turbulence" "Fast flowing section of a stream, often shallow and with exposed rock or boulders." "A rough section of a river or stream which is difficult to navigate due to the swift and turbulent motion of the water." "Section of river."
bn:00075290n	 "(biology) a taxonomic group ranking between a phylum and below a class or subclass" "(biology) a taxonomic group ranking between a phylum and below a class or subclass" "A biological taxon, a group of species, part of a kingdom and consisting of one or more classes." "A taxonomic category above phylum and below subkingdom." "Taxonomic category above phylum and below subkingdom."
bn:01208837n	 "A tripod is a portable three-legged frame or stand, used as a platform for supporting the weight and maintaining the stability of some other object."
bn:17094182n	 "ImmunoGen, Inc." "company"
bn:01997489n	 "AGORA is the acronym for the Access to Global Online Research on Agriculture program." "Started by the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization to provide access to scientific information to developing countries"
bn:00023216n	 "A revolution whose aim is to reverse the changes introduced by a previous revolution" "A revolution whose aim is to reverse the changes introduced by a previous revolution" "A revolution aiming to reverse the political or social changes instigated by a previous revolution." "Revolution to reverse effects of previous revolution." "The military leaders behind the original coup were executed in the aftermath of the counterrevolution."
bn:00043095n	 "Farm machine that gathers a food crop from the fields" "Farm machine that gathers a food crop from the fields" "A reaper is a farm implement or person that reaps crops at harvest when they are ripe." "Harvesting machine" "A machine that gathers the harvest."
bn:00069487n	 "A thin straight surgical knife used in dissection and surgery" "A thin straight surgical knife used in dissection and surgery" "A scalpel, or lancet, or bistoury, is a small and extremely sharp bladed instrument used for surgery, anatomical dissection, podiatry and various arts and crafts." "Sharp bladed instrument used for surgery" "A small straight knife with a very sharp blade used for surgery, dissection and craftwork." "Small straight knife."
bn:00207948n	 "NOMAD was founded in 2002 as an independent formation and registered as association in 2006." "An independent association working on digital art and culture, with an emphasis on sound art" "Digital art association"
bn:00036026n	 "The remains (or an impression) of a plant or animal that existed in a past geological age and that has been excavated from the soil" "The remains (or an impression) of a plant or animal that existed in a past geological age and that has been excavated from the soil" "A fossil is any preserved remains, impression, or trace of any once-living thing from a past geological age." "Any remains, trace, or imprint of a plant or animal that has been preserved in the Earth's crust since some past geologic or prehistoric time." "Any preserved evidence of ancient life, including shells, imprints, burrows, coprolites, and organically-produced chemicals." "Paleontology: any preserved evidence of ancient life."
bn:01106376n	 "SCALPEL is a laser-guided bomb produced by Lockheed Martin." "Is a laser-guided bomb produced by Lockheed Martin;" "American Laser Guided Bomb"
bn:00057864n	 "A loud outcry of protest or complaint" "A loud outcry of protest or complaint" "Sound which is unwanted, either because of its effects on humans, its effect on fatigue or malfunction of physical equipment, or its interference with the perception or detection of other sounds." "The announcement of the election recount caused a lot of noise" "Whatever it was he didn't like it and he was going to let them know by making as loud a noise as he could" "The announcement of the election recount caused a lot of noise" "Whatever it was he didn't like it and he was going to let them know by making as loud a noise as he could"
bn:00003657n	 "An ancient jar with two handles and a narrow neck; used to hold oil or wine" "An ancient jar with two handles and a narrow neck; used to hold oil or wine" "An amphora is a type of container with a pointed bottom and characteristic shape and size which fit tightly against each other in storage rooms and packages, tied together with rope and delivered by land or sea." "An ancient crockery, a kind of vase" "A jar with two handles." "A two-handled jar with a narrow neck that was used in ancient times to store or carry wine or oil."
bn:00068267n	 "A boxing tactic: pretending to be trapped against the ropes while your opponent wears himself out throwing punches" "A boxing tactic: pretending to be trapped against the ropes while your opponent wears himself out throwing punches" "The rope-a-dope is a boxing fighting technique commonly associated with Muhammad Ali in his 1974 Rumble in the Jungle match against world heavyweight champion George Foreman." "Boxing fighting style" "A technique in which the boxer assumes a defensive stance against the ropes and absorbs an opponent's blows, hoping to exploit eventual tiredness or a mistake."
bn:00034718n	 "(usually plural) a device with an explosive that burns at a low rate and with colored flames; can be used to illuminate areas or send signals etc." "(usually plural) a device with an explosive that burns at a low rate and with colored flames; can be used to illuminate areas or send signals etc." "Fireworks are a class of low explosive pyrotechnic devices used for aesthetic and entertainment purposes." "Such as firecrackers, bottle rockets, bang snaps and others" "A device using gunpowder and other chemicals which, when lit, emits a combination of coloured flames, sparks, whistles or bangs for entertainment purposes." "An event or a display where fireworks are set off." "Event or display of fireworks."
bn:00046252n	 "An automatic instinctive unlearned reaction to a stimulus" "An automatic instinctive unlearned reaction to a stimulus" "A reflex, or reflex action, is an involuntary and nearly instantaneous movement in response to a stimulus." "Automatic, subconscious response to a stimulus" "An automatic response to a simple stimulus which does not require mental processing." "Automatic response."
bn:00046167n	 "A sponsor who books and stages public entertainments" "A sponsor who books and stages public entertainments" "Showman can have a variety of meanings, usually by context and depending on the country." "A promoter works in entertainment industries, including music and sports, as an individual or organization in the business of marketing and promoting live, or pay-per-view and similar, events, such as concerts/gigs, sports events, festivals, raves, and nightclub performances." "One who makes arrangements for events" "People who run amusement and side show equipment at regional shows, state capital shows, events and festivals" "Individual or company that promotes live entertainment events" "One who promotes, particularly with respect to entertainment events or goods." "One who promotes." "A person who produces or presents shows as a profession, especially the proprietor, manager, or MC of a circus or variety show."
bn:03864346n	 "The GAZelle is a series of light commercial vehicles: pickup trucks, vans and minibuses made by Russian car manufacturer GAZ. At the time of the breakup of the Soviet Union and subsequent rapid development of the market economy it soon became apparent that Russian automobile industry did not produce any of the much-demanded LCVs similar to the Ford Transit or VW T4 class." "A series of mid-sized trucks, vans and buses made by Russian manufacturer GAZ" "Car model"
bn:00057876n	 "A member of a people who have no permanent home but move about according to the seasons" "A member of a people who have no permanent home but move about according to the seasons" "A nomad is a member of a community without fixed habitation which regularly moves to and from the same areas." "A person who does not stay long in the same place, a wanderer" "Member of a community of people who live in different locations, moving from one place to another" "A member of a people or tribe who move from place to place to find pasture and food."
bn:00043505n	 "(Greek mythology) a mythical Trojan who was killed by Achilles during the Trojan War" "(Greek mythology) a mythical Trojan who was killed by Achilles during the Trojan War" "In Greek mythology and Roman mythology, Hector was a Trojan prince and the greatest fighter for Troy in the Trojan War." "Greek mythological hero" "A Trojan hero in Homer's Iliad." "Trojan hero."
bn:03406571n	 "METEOR is a metric for the evaluation of machine translation output." "A metric for the evaluation of machine translation output" "a metric for the evaluation of machine translation output."
bn:00071671n	 "A figure of speech that expresses a resemblance between things of different kinds (usually formed with `like' or `as')" "A figure of speech that expresses a resemblance between things of different kinds (usually formed with `like' or `as')" "A simile is a figure of speech that directly compares two things." "Figure of speech"
bn:00964661n	 "Cubit, often stylized CUBIT, is a computer user interface system for multi-touch devices, designed by Stefan Hechenberger and Addie Wagenknecht for Nortd Labs."
bn:00070919n	 "Any of numerous elongate mostly marine carnivorous fishes with heterocercal caudal fins and tough skin covered with small toothlike scales" "Any of numerous elongate mostly marine carnivorous fishes with heterocercal caudal fins and tough skin covered with small toothlike scales" "Sharks are a group of elasmobranch fish characterized by a cartilaginous skeleton, five to seven gill slits on the sides of the head, and pectoral fins that are not fused to the head." "Superorder of fishes" "A scaleless fish with a cartilaginous skeleton that has 5 to 7 gill slits on each side of its head." "A scaleless, predatory fish of the superorder Selachimorpha, with a cartilaginous skeleton and 5 to 7 gill slits on each side of its head." "Fish."
bn:02646411n	 "ElecTRONica was a nighttime event at Disney California Adventure, part of the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California."
bn:00073327n	 "The brightest star in Virgo" "The brightest star in Virgo" "Spica, designated α Virginis, is the brightest object in the constellation Virgo and one of the 20 brightest stars in the night sky." "A binary star in the constellation Virgo; alpha (α) Virginis." "Star."
bn:00456540n	 "FarmHouse is a social fraternity founded at the University of Missouri on April 15, 1905." "A social fraternity"
bn:00067817n	 "A person who uses the right hand more skillfully than the left" "A person who uses the right hand more skillfully than the left"
bn:00075071n	 "Formation of a word by means of a suffix" "Formation of a word by means of a suffix" "The process of adding a suffix to a word." "Addition of a suffix."
bn:00343593n	 "SongBird is a Dutch sub label owned by Tijs Verwest and Arny Bink." "Dutch record label; sub label of Black Hole Recordings"
bn:00079190n	 "The quality of giving displeasure" "The quality of giving displeasure" "The recent unpleasantness of the weather" "The recent unpleasantness of the weather"
bn:00058722n	 "(folklore) a giant who likes to eat human beings" "(folklore) a giant who likes to eat human beings" "An ogre is a legendary monster usually depicted as a large, hideous, man-like being that eats ordinary human beings, especially infants and children." "Legendary monster featuring in mythology, folklore, and fiction" "One of a class of brutish giants that eat human flesh." "A type of brutish giant from folk tales that eats human flesh." "Brutish giant."
bn:00077884n	 "Strict adherence to traditional methods or teachings" "Strict adherence to traditional methods or teachings" "Consisting of or derived from a story or a custom passed down from generation to generation."
bn:00012600n	 "Elastic straps that hold trousers up (usually used in the plural)" "Elastic straps that hold trousers up" "Suspenders or braces are fabric or leather straps worn over the shoulders to hold up trousers." "Straps worn over the shoulder to hold up trousers" "Fabric or leather straps worn over the shoulders to hold up trousers." "Straps or bands to sustain trousers; suspenders." "Straps or bands to sustain trousers." "An item of apparel consisting of a strap worn over the shoulder and used to hold up trousers. Called braces in other parts of the world." "An item used hold up trousers." "Small straps, attached to a suspender belt, that hold up a woman's stockings. (US) Garters."
bn:00047612n	 "A land mass (smaller than a continent) that is surrounded by water" "A land mass (smaller than a continent) that is surrounded by water" "An island or isle is any piece of subcontinental land that is surrounded by water." "Sub-continental land that is surrounded by water" "A land mass, especially one smaller than a continent, entirely surrounded by water." "A contiguous area of land, smaller than a continent, totally surrounded by water."
bn:13956289n	 "SiN is a first-person shooter video game developed by Ritual Entertainment and published by Activision in 1998." "1998 video game"
bn:00059560n	 "Cavity formed by the pharynx at the back of the mouth" "Cavity formed by the pharynx at the back of the mouth" "The part of the alimentary canal between the oral and nasal cavities and the larynx and esophagus." "The oral part of the pharynx, reaching from the uvula to the level of the hyoid bone."
bn:00066807n	 "Outfitting a ship again (by repairing or replacing parts)" "Outfitting a ship again (by repairing or replacing parts)" "Refitting or refit of boats includes repairing, fixing, restoring, renewing, mending, and renovating an old vessel." "Repairing, fixing, restoring, renewing, mending, and renovating an old vessel" "The process of having something fitted again, repaired or restored." "The ship required a refit before setting out again."
bn:00126324n	 "WIG, originally an acronym for Warszawski Indeks Giełdowy is the oldest index of the Warsaw Stock Exchange, introduced on the WSE's first trading session on 16 April 1991." "The oldest index of the Warsaw Stock Exchange"
bn:03442687n	 "BALL is software consisting of the versatile C++ class framework Biochemical Algorithms Library, a set of algorithms and data structures for molecular modelling and computational structural bioinformatics, a Python interface to this library, and a graphical user interface to BALL, the molecule viewer BALLView." "A versatile set of C++ classes for molecular modelling"
bn:00044465n	 "A sacred place of pilgrimage" "A sacred place of pilgrimage" "Sanctum is a sacred place, in a shrine within a temple or church." "A thing that is extremely holy; used almost exclusively in Holy of Holies." "Holy thing." "A place set apart, as with a sanctum sanctorum; a sacred or private place; a private retreat or workroom." "A place set apart."
bn:00023807n	 "(criminal law) an act punishable by law; usually considered an evil act" "(criminal law) an act punishable by law; usually considered an evil act" "In ordinary language, a crime is an unlawful act punishable by a state or other authority." "The practice of breaking the law" "Unlawful act forbidden and punishable by criminal law" "Any act done in violation of those duties which an individual owes to the community, and for the breach of which the law has provided that the offender shall make satisfaction to the public. " "A specific act committed in violation of the law." "Specific act committed in violation of the law." "A long record of crimes" "A long record of crimes"
bn:00052683n	 "A primary subtractive color for light; a dark purple-red color; the dye for magenta was discovered in 1859, the year of the battle of Magenta" "A primary subtractive color for light; a dark purple-red color; the dye for magenta was discovered in 1859, the year of the battle of Magenta" "Magenta is a colour that is variously defined as purplish-red, reddish-purple or mauvish-crimson." "Color visible between red and purple; subtractive primary color" "Purplish red color evoked by lights with less power in yellowish-green wavelengths than in blue and red wavelengths (complements of magenta have wavelength 500–530 nm)." "A vibrant light purple, purplish-red, reddish-purple, or pinkish purple colour obtained by mixing red and blue light (thus a secondary colour), but primary in the CMYK colour system used in printing." "Colour." "Web magenta (additive magenta)." "Printer's magenta (subtractive magenta)." "Prismacolor magenta (original magenta)."
bn:00035841n	 "A natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea)" "A natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea)" "A headland, also known as a head, is a coastal landform, a point of land usually high and often with a sheer drop, that extends into a body of water." "Landform extending into a body of water, often with significant height and drop" "A cape or promontory jutting seawards from a coastline, usually with a significant sea cliff." "Coastal land that juts into the sea." "A high point of land extending into a body of water, headland; cliff." "A high point of land extending into a body of water, headland; cliff."
bn:00400193n	 "MicroScope is a magazine for computer manufacturers, distributors and resellers within the ICT channel which was founded in 1982."
bn:00073326n	 "(ethnic slur) offensive term for persons of Latin American descent" "(ethnic slur) offensive term for persons of Latin American descent" "Spic is an ethnic slur used in the United States for people from Spanish-speaking countries, especially those in Latin America." "Ethnic slur typically directed at Latin American people" "A Spanish-speaking person, someone with a Central American or Latino accent."
bn:00057393n	 "A person suffering a nervous breakdown" "A person suffering a nervous breakdown" "An individual who has neurasthenia." "Person who has neurasthenia."
bn:00248852n	 "MusE is computer software, a sequencer for Musical Instrument Digital Interface and audio, with recording and editing abilities." "Open-source MIDI/audio sequencer for Linux" "Free software MIDI/Audio sequencer"
bn:00026437n	 "Contemptuous laughter" "Contemptuous laughter"
bn:03612064n	 "MARIACHI, the Mixed Apparatus for Radar Investigation of Cosmic-rays of High Ionization, is an apparatus for the detection of ultra-high-energy cosmic rays via bi-static radar interferometry using VHF transmitters."
bn:00080430n	 "A rod used by a magician or water diviner" "A rod used by a magician or water diviner" "A wand is a thin, light-weight rod that is held with one hand, and is traditionally made of wood, but may also be made of other materials, such as metal or plastic." "A thin, straight, hand-held ceremonial stick" "Rod associated with magic in fiction and folklore" "A wand, usually made of wood, that is used to perform magic." "Wand used to perform magic."
bn:00210004n	 "IMAGE is a NASA Medium Explorers mission that studied the global response of the Earth's magnetosphere to changes in the solar wind." "A NASA spacecraft that observed the Earth's magnetosphere from 2000 -- 2005" "NASA artificial satellite"
bn:03357706n	 "NeWS is a discontinued windowing system developed by Sun Microsystems in the mid-1980s." "Developed by Sun Microsystems in the mid 1980s" "Discontinued windowing system developed by Sun Microsystems"
bn:00072455n	 "Precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals" "Precipitation falling from clouds in the form of ice crystals" "Snow comprises individual ice crystals that grow while suspended in the atmosphere—usually within clouds—and then fall, accumulating on the ground where they undergo further changes." "Precipitation in the form of flakes of crystalline water ice" "Precipitation in form of snow." "The most common form of frozen precipitation, usually flakes or starlike crystals, matted ice needles, or combinations, and often rime-coated." "A mass of snow which covers something, for example the soil"
bn:01521308n	 "DaDa is the eighth solo studio album by American singer Alice Cooper, released on September 28, 1983 by Warner Bros." "A 1983 album by Alice Cooper" "Album by Alice Cooper"
bn:00027866n	 "An attack calculated to draw enemy defense away from the point of the principal attack" "An attack calculated to draw enemy defense away from the point of the principal attack" "A tactic used to draw attention away from the real threat or action." "Tactic used to draw attention away from the real threat or action."
bn:03285939n	 "Waft is a term meaning to \"carry along gently as through the air.\"" "Term in chemistry"
bn:00064845n	 "Coloration making an organism less visible or attractive to predators" "Coloration making an organism less visible or attractive to predators" "The method which allows an otherwise visible organism or object to remain indiscernible from the surrounding environment."
bn:16269527n	 "H.O.R.S.E. is a multi-game form of poker commonly played at the high-stakes tables of casinos and in tournaments." "A form of poker"
bn:00022152n	 "The manifestation of scorn and contempt" "The manifestation of scorn and contempt" "The state of being contemptuous." "Every subordinate sensed his contemptuousness and hated him in return" "Every subordinate sensed his contemptuousness and hated him in return"
bn:00033530n	 "Comprising only the manatees" "Comprising only the manatees"
bn:00942735n	 "Karst is a topography formed from the dissolution of soluble rocks such as limestone, dolomite, and gypsum." "Topography formed from the dissolution of soluble rocks" "A geological formation resulting from the erosion of carbonate rocks." "The study of karst formations." "A person who studies karst formations." "A type of land formation, usually with many caves formed through the dissolving of limestone by underground drainage." "Type of land formation."
bn:03786221n	 "A sheriff is a government official, with varying duties, existing in some countries with historical ties to England where the office originated." "Government official"
bn:02420311n	 "Assisted Model Building with Energy Refinement is a family of force fields for molecular dynamics of biomolecules originally developed by Peter Kollman's group at the University of California, San Francisco." "A molecular dynamics force field and software package"
bn:00025781n	 "A legally binding command or decision entered on the court record (as if issued by a court or judge)" "A legally binding command or decision entered on the court record (as if issued by a court or judge)" "A decree is a rule of law usually issued by a head of state, according to certain procedures." "Rule of law usually issued by a head of state" "A proclamation of law or other authoritative command." "High level administrative act usually issued by the head of State or, in some countries, the chief of the government." "An arbitrary or authoritative command or order to do something; an effectual decree." "An authoritative command or order to do something; an effectual decree." "A clarification of a point of law by a monarch issued upon formal consultation by a lower magistrate." "A friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there" "A friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there" "A royal fiat." "A presidential fiat."
bn:00019887n	 "A timepiece that shows the time of day" "A timepiece that shows the time of day" "A clock is a device used to measure, keep, and indicate time." "Instrument that measures the passage of time" "An instrument used to measure or keep track of time." "An instrument used to measure or keep track of time; a non-portable timepiece." "Instrument to measure or keep track of time."
bn:00045772n	 "A visual representation (of an object or scene or person or abstraction) produced on a surface" "A visual representation (of an object or scene or person or abstraction) produced on a surface" "An image is an artifact that depicts visual perception, such as a photograph or other two-dimensional picture, that resembles a subject—usually a physical object—and thus provides a depiction of it." "Artifact that depicts or records visual perception" "The visual representation of a person or an object." "A representation of anything (as a person, a landscape, a building) upon canvas, paper, or other surface, by drawing, painting, printing, photography, etc." "They showed us the pictures of their wedding" "A movie is a series of images projected so rapidly that the eye integrates them" "They showed us the pictures of their wedding" "A movie is a series of images projected so rapidly that the eye integrates them"
bn:00080005n	 "The legal status or condition of servitude of a villein or feudal serf" "The legal status or condition of servitude of a villein or feudal serf" "A feudal system involving villeins; serfdom."
bn:03685005n	 "The CORPS game system, created by Greg Porter was in its first 1990 edition the Conspiracy Oriented Roleplaying System, a techno-thriller about conspiracies using magic and super-science to compete against each other in the modern world." "A generic role-playing game system" "Tabletop role-playing game"
bn:03144650n	 "WaT was a Japanese pop duo composed of singers/songwriters Eiji Wentz and Teppei Koike." "A Japanese pop duo"
bn:00070253n	 "A small hard fruit" "A small hard fruit" "A seed is an embryonic plant enclosed in a protective outer covering." "Embryonic plant enclosed in a protective outer covering" "Any small seed-like fruit." "If you plant a seed in the spring, you may have a pleasant surprise in the autumn."
bn:00170020n	 "The software program VICE, standing for VersatIle Commodore Emulator, is a free and cross platform emulator for Commodore's 8-bit computers." "An emulator program, the Versatile Commodore Emulator"
bn:00053479n	 "Someone who promotes or exchanges goods or services for money" "Someone who promotes or exchanges goods or services for money" "In a supply chain, a vendor, or a seller, is an enterprise that contributes goods or services." "Business that supplies, provides and usually sells goods or services" "When a sales representative meets with a potential client for the purpose of transacting a sale" "One who sells or offers to sell." "One who sells goods at a market." "Someone who sells; a vendor; a clerk." "Someone who sells." "Someone who traffics; a trader or merchant." "A person or a company that vends or sells." "A person or a company that vends or sells." "Alisha was a seller of fine books."
bn:00028087n	 "A doctrine or code of beliefs accepted as authoritative" "A doctrine or code of beliefs accepted as authoritative" "Dogma in the broad sense is any belief held unquestioningly and with undefended certainty." "Principle laid down as inconvertibly true in an ideology or belief system" "The established belief or doctrine held by a religion, ideology or any kind of organization, thought to be authoritative and not to be disputed, doubted or diverged from." "A doctrine (or set of doctrines) relating to matters such as morality and faith, set forth authoritatively by a religious organization or leader." "Doctrine." "He believed all the Marxist dogma" "He believed all the Marxist dogma" "In the Catholic Church, new dogmas can only be declared by the pope after the extremely rare procedure ex cathedra to make them part of the official faith."
bn:00022270n	 "A voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause" "A voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause" "A donation is a gift for charity, humanitarian aid, or to benefit a cause." "A gift given, typically to a cause or/and for charitable purposes" "A voluntary gift or contribution for a specific cause." "A voluntary gift or contribution for a specific cause." "A voluntary gift or contribution for a specific cause." "They were collecting donations for the elderly at Christmas."
bn:01910834n	 "MEDUSA, is a CAD program used in the areas of mechanical and plant engineering by manufacturers and Engineering, Procurement and Construction companies." "A design software program" "CAD program"
bn:00998785n	 "Ichirō Tomita better known as MoJo is a Japanese folk singer and anime song singer who has performed on the soundtracks of various anime and tokusatsu series and movies." "Japanese singer"
bn:03440276n	 "In computer science, ACID is a set of properties of database transactions intended to guarantee data validity despite errors, power failures, and other mishaps." "Consistency, Isolation, Durability), an initialism for the transactional properties of database management systems" "Durability(Database management)" "The properties atomicity, consistency, isolation and durability that guarantee database transactions are processed reliably."
bn:03818642n	 "CAMO, short for Club Aquatique de Montreal, is a swim club based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada's Complexe sportif Claude-Robillard." "The Club Aquatique de Montreal"
bn:00059038n	 "A chalcedony with alternating black and white bands; used in making cameos" "A chalcedony with alternating black and white bands; used in making cameos" "Onyx primarily refers to the parallel banded variety of the silicate mineral chalcedony." "Banded variety of the mineral chalcedony" "A banded variety of chalcedony, a cryptocrystalline form of quartz." "A banded variety of chalcedony."
bn:00016473n	 "A public building for gambling and entertainment" "A public building for gambling and entertainment" "A casino is a facility for certain types of gambling." "Facility which houses and accommodates certain types of gambling activities" "A public building or room for entertainment, especially gambling." "A place where an activity is accomplished, whether actual, as a pub, or virtual, as a website." "A public building or room for entertainment, especially gambling." "Public building or room for entertainment, especially gambling."
bn:01442108n	 "In the early days of planning of the international Square Kilometre Array during the 1990s, the Chinese delegation vied to host the SKA, proposing to build several large dishes in the natural limestone depressions that dimple its southwestern provinces, and called the proposal Kilometer-square Area Radio Synthesis Telescope."
bn:02296834n	 "Debt, AIDS, Trade, Africa was a multinational non-government organization founded in January 2002 in London by Bruce Willis with help from Bobby Shriver and activists from the Jubilee 2000 Drop the Debt campaign." "A non-governmental organization founded by Bono" "Organization"
bn:01257678n	 "In radio broadcasting, airplay is how frequently a song is being played on radio stations." "The playing of a particular song, band or genre on the radio, or the frequency with which it is played." "Playing on the radio." "Country music gets more airplay than heavy metal."
bn:03458566n	 "In cryptography, SHARK is a block cipher identified as one of the predecessors of Rijndael." "A block cipher identified as one of the predecessors of Rijndael" "Block cipher"
bn:00289336n	 "\"Egotism; or, The Bosom-Serpent\" is a short story by Nathaniel Hawthorne."
bn:00898555n	 "SEAT, S.A. is a Spanish automobile manufacturer with its head office in Martorell, Spain." "The Spanish car manufacturer, now owned by the Volkswagen Group (AG)" "A Spanish Automobile manufacturer and a subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group" "Sociedad Española de Automóviles de Turismo, a Spanish automobile manufacturer."
bn:03386354n	 "SISAL is a general-purpose single assignment functional programming language with strict semantics, implicit parallelism, and efficient array handling." "Programming language"
bn:00022271n	 "Act of giving in common with others for a common purpose especially to a charity" "Act of giving in common with others for a common purpose especially to a charity" "The act of giving or bestowing; a grant."
bn:00023903n	 "Any of numerous low-growing plants of the genus Crocus having slender grasslike leaves and white or yellow or purple flowers; native chiefly to the Mediterranean region but widely cultivated" "Any of numerous low-growing plants of the genus Crocus having slender grasslike leaves and white or yellow or purple flowers; native chiefly to the Mediterranean region but widely cultivated" "Crocus is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family comprising 90 species of perennials growing from corms." "A genus of perennial flowering plants in the Iridaceae family" "Genus of plants" "A perennial flowering plant (of the genus Crocus in the Iridaceae family). Saffron is obtained from the stamens of Crocus sativus." "Plant of genus Crocus."
bn:00025114n	 "The state of being condemned to eternal punishment in Hell" "The state of being condemned to eternal punishment in Hell" "Damnation is the concept of divine punishment and torment in an afterlife for actions that were committed on Earth." "A concept of condemnation by God, and use of the term as a profanity" "Supernatural punishment" "Condemnation to everlasting punishment in the future state." "The state of being damned; condemnation; openly expressed disapprobation." "The state of being damned; condemnation; openly expressed disapprobation."
bn:03745449n	 "KUDU is a commercial radio station airing religious programming in Tok, Alaska." "A radio station"
bn:03425955n	 "In cryptography, MAGENTA is a symmetric key block cipher developed by Michael Jacobson Jr. and Klaus Huber for Deutsche Telekom." "A block cipher" "Symmetric key block cipher"
bn:01647270n	 "MOOSE, originally an acronym for Man Out Of Space Easiest but later changed to the more professional-sounding Manned Orbital Operations Safety Equipment, was a proposed emergency \"bail-out\" system capable of bringing a single astronaut safely down from Earth orbit to the planet's surface." "A proposed emergency \"bail-out\" system to bring a single astronaut down from orbit" "Proposed manned rescue spacecraft"
bn:01126387n	 "SSC RF \"Troitsk Institute of Innovative and Thermonuclear Research\" or TRINITY for short Russian: ???????? ???????? ????????????? ? ???????????? ????????????, ??? ?? ???????SSC" "A Russian scientific research center" "Research institute in Troitsk, Russia"
bn:01901757n	 "MAGPIE is a pulsed power generator based at Imperial College London, United Kingdom." "A pulsed-power generator based at Imperial College London." "power generator"
bn:00076883n	 "A regulator for automatically regulating temperature by starting or stopping the supply of heat" "A regulator for automatically regulating temperature by starting or stopping the supply of heat" "A thermostat is a component which senses the temperature of a physical system and performs actions so that the system's temperature is maintained near a desired setpoint." "Component which maintains a setpoint temperature" "A device used to maintain the temperature of a system at a desired setpoint temperature." "Any organism that carries out thermoregulation." "A device that automatically responds to changes in temperature by activating a heating or cooling system to maintain the temperature at a desired setting." "Device which maintains the desired temperature."
bn:00601072n	 "SPICA S.p.A. was an Italian manufacturer of fuel injection systems." "An Italian manufacturer of fuel injection systems" "Italian manufacturer of fuel injection systems"
bn:02009569n	 "NyLon is the concept of New York and London as twin cities — the financial and cultural capitals of the Anglo-American world." "The concept of an \"intertwined\" New York City and London, England" "New York-London, a reference to transatlantic life, people who spend time in both cities, or a transatlantic culture featuring both cities."
bn:00076423n	 "An announcer on television" "An announcer on television"
bn:00000145n	 "The basic unit of electric current adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites" "The basic unit of electric current adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites" "The ampere, often shortened to \"amp\", is the base unit of electric current in the International System of Units." "A unit of electrical current" "SI unit of electric current" "The standard SI unit of electrical current with symbol \"A\"." "Short for ampere." "A typical household circuit carries 15 to 50 amps" "A typical household circuit carries 15 to 50 amps"
bn:16410894n	 "DamNation is a 2014 advocacy documentary film about the changing attitudes in the United States concerning the large system of dams in the country."
bn:00027192n	 "A small boat of shallow draft with cross thwarts for seats and rowlocks for oars with which it is propelled" "A small boat of shallow draft with cross thwarts for seats and rowlocks for oars with which it is propelled" "A dory is a small, shallow-draft boat, about 5 to 7 metres or 16 to 23 feet long." "Oarspowered boat" "Type of boat" "An open boat propelled by pulling oars through the water." "A small open boat, propelled by oars or paddles, carried as a tender, lifeboat, or pleasure craft on a ship." "Small boat." "A small open boat propelled by oars (by rowing)." "Small boat that is rowed." "Any boat propelled only by oars; especially one used for recreation or sport."
bn:00036073n	 "Factory where metal castings are produced" "Factory where metal castings are produced" "A foundry is a factory that produces metal castings." "Factory that produces metal castings" "A factory which produces metal castings from either ferrous or non-ferrous alloys." "A facility that melts metals in special furnaces and pours the molten metal into molds to make products. Foundries are usually specified according to the type of metal dealt with: iron foundry, brass foundry, etc." "Facility that melts metals." "A factory where metal is processed."
bn:03549930n	 "REAPER is a digital audio workstation and MIDI sequencer software created by Cockos." "A Multitrack Audio Recording and Editing app by Cockos Inc. created by Justin Frankel, the creator of Winamp" "digital audio workstation"
bn:03570681n	 "LL Cool J's Rock the Bells Radio is a radio station on Sirius XM Radio featuring old school hip hop, Golden Age hip hop, 1980s \"new school\" hip hop, and 1980-1990s hip hop." "A classic Hip-Hop radio station on Sirius XM Radio"
bn:00015297n	 "A factory where food is canned" "A factory where food is canned" "A factory that produces canned goods." "Factory." "Jim had a summer job cleaning and packing salmon at the fish cannery."
bn:03764482n	 "Electronica is a broad group of electronic-based music styles intended for listening rather than strictly for dancing." "Electronic fusion-genre popular music, usually groove-based" "Electronic music genre; broad group of electronic-based music genres" "Any of a wide range of electronic music genres." "Any of a wide range of electronic music genres."
bn:00074544n	 "An elongated leather strip (or a strip of similar material) for binding things together or holding something in position" "An elongated leather strip (or a strip of similar material) for binding things together or holding something in position" "A strap, sometimes also called strop, is an elongated flap or ribbon, usually of fabric or leather." "Ribbon used to fasten." "Strip of flexible material, especially leather, used for fastening or holding things together" "Something made of such a strip, or of a part of one, or a combination of two or more for a particular use." "Something made of such a strip, or of a part of one, or a combination of two or more for a particular use."
bn:01801987n	 "The ankh or key of life is an ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic symbol that was most commonly used in writing and in Egyptian art to represent the word for \"life\" and, by extension, as a symbol of life itself." "An Egyptian hieroglyphic" "A cross shaped like a T with a loop at the top, the Egyptian hieroglyph representing the Egyptian triliteral ꜥnḫ (“life”) and often used as an amulet or charm for this concept." "Cross shaped like a T with a loop at the top."
bn:00031677n	 "The 7th letter of the Greek alphabet" "The 7th letter of the Greek alphabet" "Eta is the seventh letter of the Greek alphabet." "Letter in the Greek alphabet" "The seventh letter of the Modern Greek alphabet, the eighth in Old Greek." "Greek letter."
bn:00042812n	 "Someone who sets the betting odds based on calculations of the outcome of a contest (especially a horse race)" "Someone who sets the betting odds based on calculations of the outcome of a contest (especially a horse race)" "One who determines the conditions of a handicap." "One who determines the conditions of a handicap."
bn:00068799n	 "The state of being certain that adverse effects will not be caused by some agent under defined conditions" "The state of being certain that adverse effects will not be caused by some agent under defined conditions" "Safety is the state of being \"safe\", the condition of being protected from harm or other non-desirable outcomes." "State of being secure from harm, injury, danger, or other non-desirable outcomes" "The state of being secure from harm, injury, danger or risk." "Insure the safety of the children" "The reciprocal of safety is risk" "Insure the safety of the children" "The reciprocal of safety is risk"
bn:02284696n	 "ESPRESSO is a third-generation, fiber fed, cross-dispersed, echelle spectrograph mounted on the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope."
bn:00054567n	 "The activity of making things out of metal in a skillful manner" "The activity of making things out of metal in a skillful manner" "Metalworking is the process of shaping and reshaping metals to create useful objects, parts, assemblies, and large scale structures." "The process of working with metals to create individual parts, assemblies, or large-scale structures" "Process of making items from metal; production and processing of shaped workpieces made of metals" "The act of shaping metal, metalworking."
bn:00003893n	 "The descendants of one individual" "The descendants of one individual" "A line of ancestors coming down to one's parents." "The descendants of one individual." "Resemblance among individuals related by descent; transmission of traits from parents to offspring." "His entire lineage has been warriors" "His entire lineage has been warriors"
bn:00052772n	 "Long-tailed black-and-white crow that utters a raucous chattering call" "Long-tailed black-and-white crow that utters a raucous chattering call" "Magpies are birds of the Corvidae family." "One of several kinds of bird in the family Corvidae, especially Pica pica." "One of several kinds of bird in the family Corvidae."
bn:00019763n	 "Someone who pays for goods or services" "Someone who pays for goods or services" "In sales, commerce and economics, a customer is the recipient of a good, service, product or an idea - obtained from a seller, vendor, or supplier via a financial transaction or exchange for money or some other valuable consideration." "Also called patron" "Recipient of a good, service, product or idea obtained from a seller via a financial transaction" "Someone who pays for goods or services." "A customer, a buyer or receiver of goods or services." "A customer or receiver of services."
bn:00443064n	 "Wily is a text editor created by Gary Capell for the X Window System." "A text editor for Unix computer systems" "text editor inspired by Plan 9's Acme"
bn:00080543n	 "Any materials unused and rejected as worthless or unwanted" "Any materials unused and rejected as worthless or unwanted" "Waste are unwanted or unusable materials." "Any undesired thing or substance" "Unwanted or undesired material, usually discarded." "An unwanted material produced during some manufacturing process, especially radioactive material from nuclear reactors." "They collect the waste once a week" "Much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers" "They collect the waste once a week" "Much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers"
bn:00000902n	 "Any of various water-soluble compounds having a sour taste and capable of turning litmus red and reacting with a base to form a salt" "Any of various water-soluble compounds having a sour taste and capable of turning litmus red and reacting with a base to form a salt" "An acid is a molecule or ion capable of donating a proton, or, alternatively, capable of forming a covalent bond with an electron pair." "A compound capable of transferring a hydrogen ion in solution." "Any of a class of water-soluble compounds, having sour taste, that turn blue litmus red, and react with some metals to liberate hydrogen, and with bases to form salts."
bn:01841488n	 "COYOTE is an American sex workers' rights organization." "American sex workers' rights organization"
bn:00052457n	 "The practice of punishing people by hanging without due process of law" "The practice of punishing people by hanging without due process of law" "The execution of a person by mob action without due process of law, especially hanging." "The practice of condemning and punishing a person by mob action without a proper trial."
bn:00002006n	 "Action that makes a problem or a disease (or its symptoms) worse" "Action that makes a problem or a disease (or its symptoms) worse" "The act of aggravating, or making worse; used of evils, natural or moral; the act of increasing in severity or heinousness; something additional to a crime or wrong and enhancing its guilt or injurious consequences." "Act of aggravating." "An increase in the severity of something (such as a disease)." "Increase in severity." "The aggravation of her condition resulted from lack of care" "The aggravation of her condition resulted from lack of care"
bn:00794849n	 "Fern is a Dutch foundation created in 1995." "The Forests and the European Union Resource Network" "Non-governmental organization in Europe"
bn:01499672n	 "A wat Devanāgarī: वाटquarters for bhikkhusThai: สุเหร่า; RTGS: surao; or Thai: มัสยิด; RTGS: matsayitThai: สุเหร่ายิว; RTGS: surao yioวัดจีนศาลเจ้าeither Buddhist or Taoistวัดแขกเทวสถานโบสถ์คริสต์วัดฝรั่งRTGS: botวัด; watวิสุงคามสีมา" "Buddhist temple in Thailand, Cambodia or Laos"
bn:00004401n	 "Time of the earth's revolution from perihelion to perihelion again; 365 days and 6 hr and 13 min and 53.1 sec" "Time of the earth's revolution from perihelion to perihelion again; 365 days and 6 hr and 13 min and 53.1 sec" "The time taken for the Earth to complete one revolution with respect to its apsides, usually defined as the time between perihelion passages." "Time taken for the Earth to complete one revolution."
bn:00043130n	 "A movable barrier covering a hatchway" "A movable barrier covering a hatchway" "A horizontal door in a floor or ceiling." "Horizontal door." "A hinged or sliding door set into a floor or ceiling." "Door set into floor or ceiling."
bn:02018281n	 "JURIST is a non-profit online legal news service run by law student volunteers from 29 law schools in the US, the UK, the Netherlands, Kenya, Mauritius, India, Australia and New Zealand." "Online legal news service"
bn:03762617n	 "WING \"ESPN 1410\" is a commercial AM radio station in Dayton, Ohio operating with 5,000 watts at 1410 kHz with studios, offices and transmitter located on David Road in Kettering." "An AM radio station in Dayton, Ohio, USA" "Commercial AM radio station in Dayton, Ohio"
bn:00061511n	 "Any of numerous fishes of America and Europe" "Any of numerous fishes of America and Europe" "Perch is a common name for fish of the genus Perca, freshwater gamefish belonging to the family Percidae." "The common name for the freshwater fish in the genus Perca"
bn:00049416n	 "Either of two spiral-horned antelopes of the African bush" "Either of two spiral-horned antelopes of the African bush" "The kudus are two species of antelope of the genus Tragelaphus: Lesser kudu, Tragelaphus imberbis, of eastern Africa Greater kudu, Tragelaphus strepsiceros, of eastern and southern AfricaThe two species of the Kudus look quite similar, though Greaters are larger than the lesser kudu." "A large, striped, African antelope of the species Tragelaphus imberbis (the lesser kudu) or Tragelaphus strepsiceros (the greater kudu)." "Tragelaphus imberbis or Tragelaphus strepsiceros."
bn:00077877n	 "A formally registered symbol identifying the manufacturer or distributor of a product" "A formally registered symbol identifying the manufacturer or distributor of a product" "A trademark is a type of intellectual property consisting of a recognizable sign, design, or expression which identifies products or services of a particular source from those of others, although trademarks used to identify services are usually called service marks." "A treaty involved in intellectual property identification" "Recognizable sign, design or expression which identifies products or services" "A word or mark that distinctly indicates the ownership of a product or service, and that is legally reserved for the exclusive use of that owner." "A word, symbol, or phrase used to identify a particular company's product and differentiate it from other companies' products."
bn:00239120n	 "JAB were an Australian punk rock band, which formed in Adelaide in 1976." "Australian punk band of the 1970s"
bn:01591204n	 "Inform is a programming language and design system for interactive fiction originally created in 1993 by Graham Nelson." "A programming language for interactive fiction" "Programming language and design system for interactive fiction"
bn:14909298n	 "SwitchBlade is the registered name of a family of layer 2 and layer 3 chassis switches developed by Allied Telesis." "A family of chassis network switches by Allied Telesis" "registered name of a family of layer 2 and layer 3 chassis switches developed by Allied Telesis"
bn:00025314n	 "A collection of facts from which conclusions may be drawn" "A collection of facts from which conclusions may be drawn" "Data are characteristics or information, usually numerical, that are collected through observation." "Or data used in computing" "Facts represented for handling" "Information expressed in bits and bytes or numbers; the raw material of information." "Recorded observations that are usually presented in a structured format." "Statistical data" "Statistical data"
bn:00920897n	 "Chaos;Head is a visual novel video game developed by 5pb." "A Japanese \"visual novel\" (video game)" "Japanese visual novel"
bn:00725243n	 "SLATE, a pioneer organization of the New Left and precursor of the Free Speech Movement and formative counterculture era, was a campus political party at the University of California, Berkeley from 1958 to 1966." "A campus political party at the University of California, Berkeley, USA"
bn:00014834n	 "Someone skilled in penmanship" "Someone skilled in penmanship" "Chinese, Korean, and Japanese calligraphy grouping" "Someone skilled in penmanship." "The art of beautiful writing."
bn:02753504n	 "The Interior Exploration using Seismic Investigations, Geodesy and Heat Transport mission is a robotic lander designed to study the deep interior of the planet Mars." "(Interior Exploration using Seismic Investigations, Geodesy and Heat Transport): a planned spacecraft to Mars" "Robotic lander on Mars"
bn:16831142n	 "SALES is an American guitar-based indie-pop band from Orlando, Florida." "American guitar-based pop band"
bn:01983397n	 "ECLiPSe is a software system for the development and deployment of Constraint Programming applications, e.g. in the areas of optimization, planning, scheduling, resource allocation, timetabling, transport etc." "A constraint logic programming system"
bn:02436575n	 "oxyl or oxidanyl, commonly known as TEMPO, is a chemical compound with the formula 32NO." "Chemical compound"
bn:00035711n	 "An official who enforces the rules at a football game" "An official who enforces the rules at a football game"
bn:00979731n	 "WAsP is a Windows program for predicting wind climates, wind resources, and energy yields from wind turbines and wind farms." "Wind Atlas Analysis and Application Program"
bn:01506588n	 "The GAMMA experiment is a study of: Primary cosmic ray energy spectra and elemental composition at energies 1015–1018eV Galactic diffuse gamma-ray intensity at energies 1014–1015eV Extensive Air Showers at the mountain level by the ground-based EAS array and underground muon scintillation counters Hard jets production at energies ~1016eV by the muon multi-core shower eventsThe GAMMA experiment is deployed on the South side of Mount Aragats in Armenia." "An extensive air shower array in Armenia"
bn:00622072n	 "Stand-In is a 1937 American comedy film, directed by Tay Garnett and starring Leslie Howard, Joan Blondell and Humphrey Bogart." "1937 American film directed by Tay Garnett"
bn:00629740n	 "PARSEC is a package designed to perform electronic structure calculations of solids and molecules using density functional theory." "A software package designed to perform electronic structure calculations of solids and molecules"
bn:00075530n	 "A band of material tied around the forehead or wrist to absorb sweat" "A band of material tied around the forehead or wrist to absorb sweat" "A strip of fabric worn around the head or a hair-accessory, made of a flexible material and curved like a horseshoe, for holding one's hair back." "A band of fabric worn around the wrist or head during sports to absorb perspiration." "Band around wrist or head."
bn:00055090n	 "Any of various tropical shrubs or trees of the genus Mimosa having usually yellow flowers and compound leaves" "Any of various tropical shrubs or trees of the genus Mimosa having usually yellow flowers and compound leaves" "Mimosa is a genus of about 400 species of herbs and shrubs, in the mimosoid clade of the legume family Fabaceae."
bn:00063506n	 "A blanket-like cloak with a hole in the center for the head" "A blanket-like cloak with a hole in the center for the head" "A poncho is an outer garment designed to keep the body warm." "Cape- or blanket-like outer garment" "A simple garment, made from a rectangle of cloth, with a slit in the middle for the head.  "
bn:00071156n	 "The destroyer; one of the three major divinities in the later Hindu pantheon" "The auspicious one; a major divinity in the later Hindu pantheon" "Shiva, also known as Mahadeva, is one of the principal deities of Hinduism." "The patron deity of the Kashi Vishwanath Temple" "Hindu god, basis of Shaivism" "The god of destruction and transformation, and together with Brahma and Vishnu, one of the principal deities in Hinduism. Within Shaivism he is viewed as the Supreme deity, whereas in other branches of Hinduism such as the Smarta tradition he is worshipped as one of the six manifestations of the Divine." "Deity." "The Hindu god of destruction."
bn:03112297n	 "SpeakEasy was a United States military project to use software-defined radio technology to make it possible to communicate with over 10 different types of military radios from a single system." "A software defined radio project of the United States military" "software defined radio project of the United States military"
bn:00006647n	 "Tissue consisting of large stellate neuroglial cells" "Tissue consisting of large stellate neuroglial cells" "The group of star-shaped glial cells in the brain and spinal cord." "Any of various glial cells that are larger than microglia."
bn:00043151n	 "A haulage contractor" "A haulage contractor" "A person or company engaged in the haulage of goods." "A person or company engaged in the haulage of goods."
bn:00053411n	 "A group of street musicians in Mexico" "A group of street musicians in Mexico" "Mariachi is a genre of Regional Mexican music that dates back to at least the 18th century, evolving over time in the countryside of various regions of western Mexico." "Form of traditional music from Mexico" "A traditional form of Mexican music, either sung or purely instrumental."
bn:00071707n	 "Estrangement from god" "Estrangement from god" "In a religious context, sin is a transgression against divine law." "An act that violates a known moral rule" "A violation of God's will or religious law." "Violation of religious law." "As a Christian, I think this is a sin against God."
bn:00074457n	 "Large mostly Old World wading birds typically having white-and-black plumage" "Large mostly Old World wading birds typically having white-and-black plumage" "Storks are large, long-legged, long-necked wading birds with long, stout bills." "A long-legged wading bird" "A large wading bird with long legs and a long beak of the family Ciconiidae." "A large wading bird with long legs and a long beak of the family Ciconiidae." "Large wading bird of the family Ciconiidae."
bn:00015053n	 "An overland journey by hunters (especially in Africa)" "An overland journey by hunters (especially in Africa)" "A safari is an overland journey to hunt or observe wild animals, especially in east or southern Africa." "Journey with the aim to hunt or observe wild animals, especially in an African context" "A caravan going on a safari."
bn:00058380n	 "A sexually attractive young woman" "A sexually attractive young woman" "A sexually attractive girl or young woman." "A sexually attractive girl or young woman."
bn:03190919n	 "MotorCycle is the tenth studio album by Christian alternative rock band Daniel Amos, issued in 1993 on BAI Records." "A 1993 album by rock band Daniel Amos" "Album by Daniel Amos"
bn:00632670n	 "FOSSIL is a standard protocol for allowing serial communication for telecommunications programs under the DOS operating system." "A protocol for serial communications"
bn:00029945n	 "An exaggerated opinion of your own importance" "An exaggerated opinion of your own importance" "Egotism is defined as the drive to maintain and enhance favorable views of oneself, and generally features an inflated opinion of one's personal features and importance distinguished by a persons amplified vision of ones self and self importance." "An excessive or exaggerated sense of self-importance" "Drive to maintain and enhance favorable views of oneself" "The tendency to think of self and self-interest." "An exaggerated estimate of one's own importance or merit, especially as manifested by the conduct or manners; self-conceit." "Exaggerated estimate of one's own importance."
bn:00072496n	 "A cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats" "A cleansing agent made from the salts of vegetable or animal fats" "Soap is a salt of a fatty acid used in a variety of cleansing and lubricating products." "Salt of fatty acids, used for washing and cleaning" "A cleansing agent, manufactured in bars, granules, flakes, or liquid form, made from a mixture of the sodium salts of various fatty acids of natural oils and fats." "A metallic salt derived from a fatty acid."
bn:00060423n	 "(usually in the plural) a garment extending from the waist to the knee or ankle, covering each leg separately" "(usually in the plural) a garment extending from the waist to the knee or ankle, covering each leg separately" "Trousers, slacks, or pants are an item of clothing that might have originated in Central Asia, worn from the waist to the ankles, covering both legs separately." "An item of clothing worn on the lower part of the body and covering both legs separately." "A pair of pants (trousers or underpants)." "A pair of trousers." "An article of clothing that covers the part of the body between the waist and the ankles or knees, and is divided into a separate part for each leg." "He had a sharp crease in his trousers" "He had a sharp crease in his trousers" "And this is our linen trouser, sir." "The trousers need to be shortened." "Why can women wear trousers when men can’t wear skirts?"
bn:01453023n	 "UMBEL is a logically organized knowledge graph of 34,000 concepts and entity types that can be used in information science for relating information from disparate sources to one another." "RDF ontology, an extracted subset of OpenCyc"
bn:00027620n	 "A feeling of aversion or antipathy" "A feeling of aversion or antipathy" "Extreme hatred or detestation; the feeling of utter dislike." "A feeling of aversion or antipathy." "An attitude or a feeling of distaste or aversion." "Feeling of distaste." "My dislike of him was instinctive" "My dislike of him was instinctive"
bn:00008910n	 "A terrorist organization organized in 1959 by student activists who were dissatisfied with the moderate nationalism of the traditional Basque party; want to create an independent homeland in Spain's western Pyrenees" "A terrorist organization organized in 1959 by student activists who were dissatisfied with the moderate nationalism of the traditional Basque party; want to create an independent homeland in Spain's western Pyrenees" "ETA, an acronym for Euskadi Ta Askatasuna, was an armed leftist Basque nationalist and separatist organization in the Basque Country." "Former armed Basque terrorist group" "In 1968 ETA launched a campaign of political assassinations of government officials" "In 1968 ETA launched a campaign of political assassinations of government officials"
bn:00030586n	 "Apathy demonstrated by an absence of emotional reactions" "Apathy demonstrated by an absence of emotional reactions" "The property of being emotionless."
bn:16240539n	 "MARINA is an NSA database and analysis toolset for intercepted Internet metadata." "Surveillance software"
bn:00060750n	 "A unit of astronomical length based on the distance from Earth at which stellar parallax is 1 second of arc; equivalent to 3.262 light years" "A unit of astronomical length based on the distance from Earth at which stellar parallax is 1 second of arc; equivalent to 3.262 light years" "The parsec is a unit of length used to measure the large distances to astronomical objects outside the Solar System, approximately equal to 3.26 light-years or 206,000 astronomical units, i." "Parallax of one arcsecond with a baseline of 1 AU, and equal to 3.26 light years." "Unit of length used in astronomy" "The distance from which one arcsecond represents one astronomical unit. It equals to about 3.261633 light years."
bn:00078738n	 "A period of time containing 365 (or 366) days" "A period of time containing 365 (or 366) days" "A period between set dates that mark a year, from January 1 to December 31 by the Gregorian calendar." "A Julian year, exactly 365.25 days, represented by \"a\"." "A Julian year." "She is 4 years old" "In the year 1920" "She is 4 years old" "In the year 1920"
bn:03391582n	 "KEEP is a commercially supported FM radio station serving the general area of Fredericksburg, Texas, due west from Austin and due north of San Antonio." "Radio station located in Johnson City, Texas" "Radio station"
bn:00047786n	 "A quick short straight punch" "A quick short straight punch" "A jab is a type of punch used in the martial arts." "Punch" "A short straight punch." "(boxing) a short straight punch."
bn:00053422n	 "A fancy dock for small yachts and cabin cruisers" "A fancy dock for small yachts and cabin cruisers" "A marina is a dock or basin with moorings and supplies for yachts and small boats." "But many different little docks connected" "Yacht harbor"
bn:00029050n	 "The cardinal compass point that is at 90 degrees" "The cardinal compass point that is at 90 degrees" "East is one of the four cardinal directions or points of the compass." "One of the four cardinal directions" "One of the four principal compass points, specifically 90°, conventionally directed to the right on maps; the direction of the rising sun at an equinox. Abbreviated as E." "Compass point." "The direction or area lying to the east."
bn:00043152n	 "The activity of transporting goods by truck" "The activity of transporting goods by truck" "Haulage is the business of transporting goods by road or rail between suppliers and large consumer outlets, factories, warehouses, or depos." "Road transport or road transportation is a type of transport by using roads." "Collective term for all forms of transport which takes place on roads, or surface, exept railroads" "Transporting of goods or materials by road or rail" "The business of transporting goods." "Business of transporting goods." "The carrying of goods by truck." "The conveyance of freight by trucks."
bn:01477686n	 "SILK is an audio compression format and audio codec developed by Skype Limited, now a Microsoft subsidiary." "An audio compression format and codec"
bn:00067670n	 "Syncopated music in duple time for dancing the rumba" "Syncopated music in duple time for dancing the rumba" "The term rumba may refer to a variety of unrelated music styles." "Afro-Cuban music and dance rhythms that form one of the roots of most later Cuban popular music, including Mambo and Cha-cha-cha" "several music styles of Cuban origin"
bn:02284891n	 "SOAP is a messaging protocol specification for exchanging structured information in the implementation of web services in computer networks." "A protocol specification in computer networks" "Communications protocol" "A protocol specification for exchanging structured information in the implementation of Web Services in computer networks."
bn:03258358n	 "YAWL is a workflow language based on workflow patterns."
bn:00070066n	 "Any support where you can sit (especially the part of a chair or bench etc. on which you sit)" "Any support where you can sit (especially the part of a chair or bench etc. on which you sit)" "Furniture (usually made of wood, metal or plastic) with a horizontal section that people are able or intended to sit upon." "A place in which to sit." "Place in which to sit." "He dusted off the seat before sitting down" "He dusted off the seat before sitting down" "There are two hundred seats in this classroom."
bn:03215104n	 "ORBit is a CORBA 2.4 compliant Object Request Broker." "An object request broker (ORB) for CORBA"
bn:00048656n	 "A legal scholar versed in civil law or the law of nations" "A legal scholar versed in civil law or the law of nations" "A jurist is a person with expert knowledge of law; someone who analyses and comments on law." "An expert in law." "An expert of law or someone who researches jurisprudence." "Expert of law."
bn:00048753n	 "One the Shinto deities (including mythological beings, spirits of distinguished men, forces of nature)" "One the Shinto deities (including mythological beings, spirits of distinguished men, forces of nature)" "Kami are the spirits, phenomena or \"holy powers\" that are venerated in the religion of Shinto." "Divine being in Shinto"
bn:00063196n	 "A writer of poems (the term is usually reserved for writers of good poetry)" "A writer of poems (the term is usually reserved for writers of good poetry)" "A poet is a person who creates poetry." "Person who writes poetry" "A woman who writes poems." "A person who writes poems." "A person who writes poems." "Person who writes poems."
bn:00693160n	 "KAMI, derived from the Indonesia Kesatuan Aksi Mahasiswa Indonesia was an Indonesian anti-communist group formed on 27 October 1965."
bn:01930071n	 "ENDURANCE is an autonomous underwater vehicle designed to map in three dimensions the geochemistry and biology of underwater terrains in Antarctica." "NASA's Environmentally Non-Disturbing Under-ice Robotic ANtarctiC Explorer" "Autonomous underwater vehicle"
bn:00075689n	 "The junction between two neurons (axon-to-dendrite) or between a neuron and a muscle" "The junction between two neurons (axon-to-dendrite) or between a neuron and a muscle" "In the nervous system, a synapse is a structure that permits a neuron to pass an electrical or chemical signal to another neuron or to the target effector cell." "Part of the nervous system" "Junction between a nerve fiber of one neuron and another neuron, muscle fiber or glial cell" "The junction between the terminal of a neuron and either another neuron or a muscle or gland cell, over which nerve impulses pass." "Junction between neurons." "Nerve impulses cross a synapse through the action of neurotransmitters" "Nerve impulses cross a synapse through the action of neurotransmitters"
bn:00666802n	 "CREAM is a human reliability analysis technique developed by Erik Hollnagel." "A human reliability analysis technique"
bn:00030379n	 "A sweet flavored liquid (usually containing a small amount of alcohol) used in compounding medicines to be taken by mouth in order to mask an unpleasant taste" "A sweet flavored liquid (usually containing a small amount of alcohol) used in compounding medicines to be taken by mouth in order to mask an unpleasant taste" "An elixir is a sweet liquid used for medical purposes, to be taken orally and intended to cure one's illness." "Clear, sweet-flavored liquid used for medicinal purposes" "A sweet flavored liquid (usually containing a small amount of alcohol) used in compounding medicines to be taken by mouth in order to mask an unpleasant taste."
bn:00017014n	 "The (usually elliptical) path described by one celestial body in its revolution about another" "The (usually elliptical) path described by one celestial body in its revolution about another" "In physics, an orbit is the gravitationally curved trajectory of an object, such as the trajectory of a planet around a star or a natural satellite around a planet." "Gravitationally curved path of an object around a point in outer space; circular or elliptical path of one object around another object" "A circular or elliptical path of one object around another object." "The path, usually elliptical, described by one celestial body in its revolution about another." "The path in space followed by a planet." "A circular or elliptical path of one object around another object, particularly in astronomy and space travel." "Path of one object around another." "He plotted the orbit of the moon" "He plotted the orbit of the moon" "The Moon's orbit around the Earth takes nearly one month to complete."
bn:00013505n	 "Small wolf native to western North America" "Small wolf native to western North America" "The coyote is a species of canine native to North America." "Canis latrans, of Central America and North America" "Species of canine" "(Canis latrans) A member of the Canidae family native to North America." "A small wolf found in western North America." "Canis latrans, a species of canine native to North America." "Canine."
bn:02285640n	 "In computing, WinG is an application programming interface that was designed to provide faster graphics performance on Windows 3." "A Windows interface in computing"
bn:01887307n	 "KinK was a Canadian documentary television series, which first aired in 2001 on Showcase." "A Canadian documentary television series profiling some of the more unusual edges of human sexuality" "Television series"
bn:02523566n	 "CASINO is a quantum Monte Carlo program that was originally developed in the Theory of Condensed Matter group at the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge." "A quantum Monte Carlo code"
bn:00034234n	 "Star-shaped cells with long processes; found in the white matter of the brain and spinal cord" "Star-shaped cells with long processes; found in the white matter of the brain and spinal cord" "A star-shaped glial cells in the brain and spinal cord."
bn:00717286n	 "AccountAbility is an independent, global, not-for-profit organisation promoting accountability, sustainable business practices and corporate responsibility." "Organisation promoting corporate social responsibility"
bn:03371796n	 "The SMOG grade is a measure of readability that estimates the years of education needed to understand a piece of writing." "A measure of readability" "Measure of readability"
bn:14784955n	 "The Island is a residential skyscraper in the London Borough of Croydon, London." "residential building in Croydon, England"
bn:03812055n	 "ConTeXt is a general-purpose document processor." "A macro package for the TeX typesetting system" "General-purpose document processor"
bn:00561855n	 "The phoneME project is Sun Microsystems reference implementation of Java virtual machine and associated libraries of Java ME with source, licensed under the GNU General Public License."
bn:00029648n	 "One celestial body obscures another" "One celestial body obscures another" "An eclipse is an astronomical event that occurs when an astronomical object or spacecraft is temporarily obscured, by passing into the shadow of another body or by having another body pass between it and the viewer." "An occultation is an event that occurs when one object is hidden by another object that passes between it and the observer." "An astronomical event" "Event that occurs when one object is hidden by another object that passes between it and the observer" "Astronomical event where one body hides another" "A type of alignment, in which a planetary object comes between the sun and another planetary object." "An alignment of astronomical objects whereby one object comes between the observer (or notional observer) and another object, thus obscuring the latter." "An astronomical event that occurs when one celestial object is hidden by another celestial object that passes between it and the observer when the nearer object appears larger and completely hides the more distant object." "Astronomical event."
bn:00716390n	 "KALE is a radio station licensed to Richland, Washington, United States, the station serves the Tri-Cities, Washington area." "radio station in Richland, Washington"
bn:00360953n	 "CACTUS was a ground-based, Air Cherenkov Telescope located outside Daggett, California, near Barstow." "An Air Cherenkov Telescope"
bn:00858646n	 "In ethics and governance, accountability is answerability, blameworthiness, liability, and the expectation of account-giving." "Concept of responsibility in ethics, governance and decision-making, which encompasses answerability, blameworthiness, liability, and the expectation of account-giving" "The state of being accountable; liability to be called on to render an account; accountableness; responsible for; answerable for." "State of being accountable."
bn:00065378n	 "A dough-like mixture of whiting and boiled linseed oil; used especially to patch woodwork or secure panes of glass" "A dough-like mixture of whiting and boiled linseed oil; used especially to patch woodwork or secure panes of glass" "Putty is a material with high plasticity, similar in texture to clay or dough, typically used in domestic construction and repair as a sealant or filler." "Common material used as sealant or filler"
bn:00040827n	 "Intuitive knowledge of spiritual truths; said to have been possessed by ancient Gnostics" "Intuitive knowledge of spiritual truths; said to have been possessed by ancient Gnostics" "Gnosis is the common Greek noun for knowledge." "Common Greek noun for knowledge" "An immanent form of knowledge or transcendent insight, such as sought by the Gnostics."
bn:00052994n	 "Wrongful conduct by a public official" "Wrongful conduct by a public official" "Misfeasance, nonfeasance, and malfeasance are types of failure to discharge public obligations existing by common law, custom, or statute." "Misconduct or wrongdoing, especially by a public official and causing damage."
bn:00045987n	 "(Islam) the man who leads prayers in a mosque; for Shiites an imam is a recognized authority on Islamic theology and law and a spiritual guide" "(Islam) the man who leads prayers in a mosque; for Shiites an imam is a recognized authority on Islamic theology and law and a spiritual guide" "Imam is an Islamic leadership position." "Islamic leadership position" "One who leads the salat prayers in a mosque."
bn:00080167n	 "A high official in a Muslim government (especially in the Ottoman Empire)" "A high official in a Muslim government (especially in the Ottoman Empire)" "A vizier is a high-ranking political advisor or minister in the Muslim world." "Vazir or wazir, a high-ranking official, such as the Chief Minister of Muslim regimes starting with the Abbasid Caliphate." "High-ranking political advisor or minister" "A high-ranking official or minister in an Islamic government, especially in the Ottoman Empire." "High-ranking official."
bn:01956642n	 "The TOTEM experiment is one of the eight detector experiments at CERN's Large Hadron Collider." "An experiment at the CERN Large Hadron Collider" "one of the eight detector experiments at CERN's Large Hadron Collider"
bn:02832084n	 "MIMOSA, COSPAR 2003-031B, was a Czech scientific microsatellite." "A microsatellite launched in 2003" "Czech scientific microsatellite"
bn:00073330n	 "Any of a variety of pungent aromatic vegetable substances used for flavoring food" "Any of a variety of pungent aromatic vegetable substances used for flavoring food" "A spice is a seed, fruit, root, bark, or other plant substance primarily used for flavoring or coloring food." "Dried seed, fruit, root, bark, or vegetable substance primarily used for flavoring, coloring or preserving food" "A dried seed, fruit, root, bark or vegetative substance used in nutritionally insignificant quantities as a food additive for the purpose of flavoring." "Aromatic or pungent plant matter (usually dried) used to season or flavour food." "Plant matter used to season or flavour food."
bn:01921707n	 "Rumba is a terminal emulation software program with user interface modernization properties."
bn:00054050n	 "Mechanism consisting of a device that works on mechanical principles" "Mechanism consisting of a device that works on mechanical principles"
bn:00041807n	 "A facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usually shows pleasure or amusement" "A facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usually shows pleasure or amusement" "A smile is formed primarily by flexing the muscles at the sides of the mouth." "An upwards movement of the sides of the mouth that indicates happiness or satisfaction." "The act or expression of one who grins." "The action of the verb to smile." "Smiling takes fewer muscles than frowning."
bn:00001939n	 "A prolonged period of time" "A prolonged period of time" "The period of time that a person, animal or plant has lived or is expected to live." "We've known each other for ages" "I haven't been there for years and years" "We've known each other for ages" "I haven't been there for years and years"
bn:00071839n	 "A plant fiber used for making rope" "A plant fiber used for making rope" "Sisal, with the botanical name Agave sisalana, is a species of flowering plant native to southern Mexico but widely cultivated and naturalized in many other countries." "Known also as \"sisal hemp\"" "Species of plant, sisal" "A Central American plant, Agave sisalana, cultivated for its sword-shaped leaves that yield fibers used for rope." "Plant."
bn:00021558n	 "Something or someone that causes anxiety; a source of unhappiness" "Something or someone that causes anxiety; a source of unhappiness" "The expression of solicitude, anxiety, or compassion toward a thing or person." "New York traffic is a constant concern" "It's a major worry" "New York traffic is a constant concern" "It's a major worry"
bn:00589563n	 "KAVA is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format." "A radio station licensed in Pueblo, Colorado" "Radio station in Pueblo, Colorado"
bn:03682156n	 "\"Roam\" is a song by The B-52's." "The B-52''s song"
bn:00020554n	 "A refusal to recognize someone you know" "A refusal to recognize someone you know" "A snub, cut or slight is a refusal to recognise an acquaintance by ignoring them, avoiding them or pretending not to know them." "A deliberate act of disrespect; a slight or snub." "A slight or snub." "A deliberate snub, typically a refusal to return a bow or other acknowledgement of acquaintance." "The snub was clearly intentional" "The snub was clearly intentional"
bn:00063391n	 "A mallet used to strike the ball in polo" "A mallet used to strike the ball in polo"
bn:00009919n	 "A steady bright blue light; formerly used as a signal but now a firework" "A steady bright blue light; formerly used as a signal but now a firework" "An event or a display where fireworks are set off." "A bright blue flare prepared from nitre, sulphur, and the black sulphide of antimony; formerly used in signalling, but now chiefly as fireworks." "Bright blue flare." "A device using gunpowder and other chemicals which, when lit, emits a combination of coloured flames, sparks, whistles or bangs, and sometimes made to rocket high into the sky before exploding, used for entertainment or celebration." "Exploding device." "Commercial firework displays are commonly launched from boats or other vessels."
bn:00057340n	 "An emotional disorder that leaves you exhausted and unable to work" "An emotional disorder that leaves you exhausted and unable to work" "A nervous breakdown."
bn:00030757n	 "The end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme)" "The end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme)" "A morpheme that is placed at the end of a word." "The last morpheme of a word, added to some base to make an inflected form (such as -ing in \"ending\")." "A morpheme added at the end of a word to modify the word's meaning." "Morpheme added at the end of a word to modify the word's meaning." "The last part of a word; an ending, a desinence; a suffix." "I don't like words that have -ism as an ending" "I don't like words that have -ism as an ending" "The suffix \"-able\" changes \"sing\" into \"singable\"."
bn:00011431n	 "Underpants worn by women" "(used in the plural) underpants worn by women" "Bloomers, also called the bloomer, the Turkish dress, the American dress, or simply reform dress, are divided women's garments for the lower body." "The undergarment named after Amelia Bloomer." "Drawers with full, loose legs gathered above or below the knee; worn by women and children" "An item of clothing worn on the lower part of the body and covering both legs separately." "Piece of cloth adapted to cover the genitals and buttocks of a man or a woman." "Any of several forms of women’s divided garment for the lower body." "Any clothing covering the legs, such as shorts, trousers, or tights." "(slang) clothing covering on the legs." "An undergarment that covers the genitals and often the buttocks and the neighbouring parts of the body; underpants." "She was afraid that her bloomers might have been showing" "She was afraid that her bloomers might have been showing"
bn:00007823n	 "Spin (usually of a moving ball) that retards or reverses the forward motion" "Spin (usually of a moving ball) that retards or reverses the forward motion" "In racquet sports and golf, backspin, is a shot such that the ball rotates backwards after it is hit." "A tennis shot" "Spin applied to a ball in order to slow it, change its flight, or stop it when it lands." "Spin applied to a ball in order to slow it."
bn:00057570n	 "The editor of a newspaper" "The editor of a newspaper"
bn:03554904n	 "SmILE is a showcase car designed for Greenpeace in 1996 to demonstrate how fuel efficient a car can be." "A car designed by Greenpeace" "Car model"
bn:00497066n	 "In computer science, SYNTAX is a system used to generate lexical and syntactic analyzers for all kinds of context-free grammars as well as some classes of contextual grammars."
bn:03586026n	 "BlackBerry is a software company specializing in enterprise software, internet of things and cyber security." "A line of smartphone devices developed and designed by Research In Motion (RIM)" "Line of wireless handheld devices and services"
bn:03114882n	 "ReFLEX is a wireless protocol developed by Motorola, used for two-way paging, messaging, and low-bandwidth data." "Wireless protocol used for two-way paging" "communications protocol"
bn:00194770n	 "Fino is the driest and palest of the traditional varieties of Sherry and Montilla-Moriles fortified wine." "Variety of fortified wine" "The driest and palest type of traditional sherry."
bn:00714417n	 "KHAT is a radio station broadcasting a country music format." "radio station in Laramie, Wyoming"
bn:00669267n	 "Self-help or self-improvement is a self-guided improvement—economically, intellectually, or emotionally—often with a substantial psychological basis." "Self-guided improvement, often utilizing publicly available information or support groups"
bn:00023954n	 "Someone who adopts the dress or manner or sexual role of the opposite sex" "Someone who adopts the dress or manner or sexual role of the opposite sex" "A person who wears clothing which society considers appropriate only for members of the opposite sex." "A person who sometimes wears clothes traditionally worn by and associated with the opposite sex; typically a male who cross-dresses occasionally by habit or personal choice."
bn:00016053n	 "Hatch opening into the cargo compartment" "Hatch opening into the cargo compartment"
bn:00014506n	 "Any succulent plant of the family Cactaceae native chiefly to arid regions of the New World and usually having spines" "Any succulent plant of the family Cactaceae native chiefly to arid regions of the New World and usually having spines" "A cactus is a member of the plant family Cactaceae, a family comprising about 127 genera with some 1750 known species of the order Caryophyllales." "The Cactaceae, the cactus family of plants." "Any member of the family Cactaceae, a family of New World succulent plants suited to a hot, semi-desert climate." "Any member of the family Cactaceae, a family of flowering New World succulent plants suited to a hot, semi-desert climate." "Member of the Cactaceae."
bn:00079916n	 "A specific form of evildoing" "A specific form of evildoing" "Vice is a practice, behaviour, or habit generally considered immoral, sinful, criminal, rude, taboo, depraved, or degrading in the associated society." "Practice, behavior or habit generally considered immoral, depraved, or degrading in the associated society" "A bad habit." "Vice offends the moral standards of the community" "Vice offends the moral standards of the community"
bn:00005731n	 "An engagement fought between two military forces" "An engagement fought between two military forces" "Combat is a purposeful violent conflict meant to weaken, establish dominance above, or kill the opposition." "Purposeful violent conflict, typically refers to armed conflict or melee" "A battle, a fight (often one in which weapons are used)." "A battle; a fight."
bn:00602850n	 "WHIT is a radio station based in Madison, Wisconsin and broadcasting a classic country format." "A radio station (1550 AM) licensed to Madison, Wisconsin, United States, which holds the call sign WHIT beginning January 19, 2009" "radio station in Madison, Wisconsin"
bn:00969763n	 "GNAT is a free-software compiler for the Ada programming language which forms part of the GNU Compiler Collection." "A Free Software compiler for the Ada programming language" "Ada compiler"
bn:00049367n	 "Any of various fastenings formed by looping and tying a rope (or cord) upon itself or to another rope or to another object" "Any of various fastenings formed by looping and tying a rope (or cord) upon itself or to another rope or to another object" "A knot is an intentional complication in cordage which may be practical or decorative, or both." "A loop of string or any other long flexible material which cannot be untied without pulling part of the string through the loops."
bn:00050147n	 "A milky exudate from certain plants that coagulates on exposure to air" "A milky exudate from certain plants that coagulates on exposure to air" "Latex is a stable dispersion of polymer microparticles in water." "Emulsions from various plants. Latex from the rubber tree is the major raw material in the production of natural rubber" "Stable dispersion of polymer microparticles in an aqueous medium" "The milky sap of several trees that coagulates on exposure to air; used to make rubber." "Milky sap."
bn:01649334n	 "WAND, virtual channel 17, is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Decatur, Illinois, United States and serving the Central Illinois region." "An NBC affiliate in Decatur, Illinois" "NBC-affiliated television station for East-Central Illinois"
bn:00253543n	 "Tasman Empire Airways Limited was the forerunner of Air New Zealand." "Tasman Empire Airways Limited, forerunner of Air New Zealand"
bn:00744652n	 "BARK was an early electromechanical computer."
bn:01376503n	 "A LAND attack is a DoS attack that consists of sending a special poison spoofed packet to a computer, causing it to lock up." "A type of denial-of-service attack" "Denial of Service attack"
bn:00078912n	 "Flat-topped or rounded inflorescence characteristic of the family Umbelliferae in which the individual flower stalks arise from about the same point; youngest flowers are at the center" "Flat-topped or rounded inflorescence characteristic of the family Umbelliferae in which the individual flower stalks arise from about the same point; youngest flowers are at the center" "In botany, an umbel is an inflorescence that consists of a number of short flower stalks which spread from a common point, somewhat like umbrella ribs." "A type of inflorescence, with a monopodial growth habit, which at anthesis is composed of pedicellate flowers on a first order inflorescence axis with compressed inflorescence axis internodes. Appear as clusters originating from a single point." "A flat-topped or rounded flower-cluster (= inflorescence) in which the individual flower stalks arise from the same point, the youngest flowers being at the centre." "Type of flower cluster."
bn:00056255n	 "Hybrid offspring of a male donkey and a female horse; usually sterile" "Hybrid offspring of a male donkey and a female horse; usually sterile" "A mule is the offspring of a male donkey and a female horse." "The offspring of a male donkey and a female horse." "The generally sterile male or female hybrid offspring of a male donkey and a female horse." "Offspring of male donkey and female horse."
bn:00065906n	 "An announcer whose voice is broadcast on radio" "An announcer whose voice is broadcast on radio"
bn:02419895n	 "INDIGO or IndIGO is a consortium of Indian gravitational-wave physicists." "Gravitational wave observatory unit, india"
bn:00031614n	 "Strong black coffee brewed by forcing hot water under pressure through finely ground coffee beans" "Strong black coffee brewed by forcing hot water under pressure through finely ground coffee beans" "Espresso is a coffee-brewing method of Italian origin, in which a small amount of nearly boiling water is forced under 9–10 bars of atmospheric pressure through finely-ground coffee beans." "A kind of coffee" "Strong black coffee brewed by forcing hot water under pressure through finely ground coffee beans." "A concentrated coffee beverage brewed by forcing hot water under high pressure through finely ground coffee."
bn:00026770n	 "Preference for using the right hand" "Preference for using the right hand"
bn:00051891n	 "A sexually precocious young girl" "A sexually precocious young girl" "The term \"Lolita\" is used to define a young girl as \"precociously seductive..." "Term used to portray young girls as precociously seductive" "A sexually alluring underage girl." "A situation resembling the plot of the novel Lolita, in which an adult man has an affair with a young girl." "A young sexually attractive woman."
bn:02610340n	 "IndigNation was Singapore's annual, month-long lesbian, gay, bisexual, and queer pride season, first held in August 2005 to coincide with the republic's 40th National Day." "A gay pride event"
bn:00046867n	 "Letters inscribed (especially words engraved or carved) on something" "Letters inscribed (especially words engraved or carved) on something"
bn:00015292n	 "Food preserved by canning" "Food preserved by canning"
bn:03699563n	 "In the Odyssey, Mentor was the son of Alcimus." "Mythical character" "Odysseus's trusted counselor. He was assigned the responsibility of raising Odysseus's son Telemachus while Odysseus was away fighting in Troy." "Odysseus's counselor."
bn:00788264n	 "SABLE is an XML markup language used to annotate texts for speech synthesis." "A markup language for speech synthesis developed by Bell Labs"
bn:00003256n	 "A hard yellowish to brownish translucent fossil resin; used for jewelry" "A hard yellowish to brownish translucent fossil resin; used for jewelry" "Amber is fossilized tree resin that has been appreciated for its color and natural beauty since Neolithic times." "A hard yellow or brownish substance, formed from resin, used in making jewellery etc." "A hard, generally yellow to brown translucent fossil resin, used for jewellery. One variety, blue amber, appears blue rather than yellow under direct sunlight." "Fossil resin."
bn:00007837n	 "Someone who takes the place of another (as when things get dangerous or difficult)" "Someone who takes the place of another (as when things get dangerous or difficult)" "A stand-in for film and television is a person who substitutes for the actor before filming, for technical purposes such as lighting and camera setup." "A substitute actor for another actor in television or film" "Substitute for an actor for production purposes" "The person who takes over a shift for another." "Person who takes over a shift." "Someone who fills in for another." "A person of similar size and shape to an actor who \"stands in\" for that actor during the lengthy process of setting up a shot, but who, unlike a double, does not appear in the film." "A replacement or stand-in for something that achieves a similar result or purpose." "Replacement or stand-in." "We need extra employees for summer fill-ins" "The star had a stand-in for dangerous scenes" "The star had a stand-in for dangerous scenes" "We need extra employees for summer fill-ins" "They used a stand-in to set up the lighting so that the actor did not have to be there during the lengthy process." "I'll be the reliever today so that you can each take a break." "Officer Schmidt can finally go home because his relief has arrived."
bn:00062714n	 "A mat serving as table linen for an individual place setting" "A mat serving as table linen for an individual place setting" "A protective table mat, usually heat-resistant, for a single setting of plates and dishes." "Protective table mat."
bn:01713485n	 "A protostar is a very young star that is still gathering mass from its parent molecular cloud."
bn:00025165n	 "A sailing vessel with two masts; a small mizzen is aft of the rudderpost" "A sailing vessel with two masts; a small mizzen is aft of the rudderpost" "A yawl is a type of boat." "Sailing ship (Spanish: yola)" "Two-masted sailing craft similar to a sloop or cutter" "A yawl, or a small after-sail on a yawl." "Small after-sail on a yawl." "A fore-and-aft rigged sailing vessel with two masts, main and mizzen, the mizzen stepped abaft the rudder post." "Sailing vessel."
bn:00010360n	 "A motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame" "A motor vehicle with two wheels and a strong frame" "A motorcycle, often called a motorbike, bike, or cycle, is a two- or three-wheeled motor vehicle." "Single-track, two-wheeled motor vehicle." "An open-seated motor vehicle with handlebars instead of a steering wheel, and having two (or sometimes three) wheels." "Open-seated motor vehicle with handlebars instead of a steering wheel."
bn:01279885n	 "In computer science, FINO is a humorous scheduling algorithm." "Humorous scheduling algorithm \"First In, Nothing Out\""
bn:00073169n	 "(during prohibition) an illegal barroom" "(during prohibition) an illegal barroom" "A speakeasy, also called a blind pig or blind tiger, is an illicit establishment that sells alcoholic beverages." "Establishment that illegally sells alcoholic beverages; now, retro style bars" "An illegal saloon or tavern, especially one operated during the American Prohibition period in the 1920s." "Illegal saloon operated during the Prohibition period."
bn:01190457n	 "Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service is a networking protocol, operating on ports 1812 and 1813, that provides centralized Authentication, Authorization, and Accounting management for users who connect and use a network service." "A network authentication protocol" "Computer network protocol"
bn:00052458n	 "A mob that kills a person for some presumed offense without legal authority" "A mob that kills a person for some presumed offense without legal authority" "A group of vigilantes intent on lynching someone."
bn:00011009n	 "Bramble with sweet edible black or dark purple berries that usually do not separate from the receptacle" "Bramble with sweet edible black or dark purple berries that usually do not separate from the receptacle" "The blackberry is an edible fruit produced by many species in the genus Rubus in the family Rosaceae, hybrids among these species within the subgenus Rubus, and hybrids between the subgenera Rubus and Idaeobatus." "A thorny fruit bush, and by association any rough prickly shrub" "Subgenus of plants" "The aggregate fruit from a bramble, that most commonly is red while unripe, but that becomes black when it ripens."
bn:01540093n	 "CONQUEST is a linear scaling, or O, density functional theory electronic structure open-source code." "A linear scaling, or O (N), density functional theory electronic structure code" "Linear scaling, or O(N), density functional theory (DFT) electronic structure code for modelling atom structures"
bn:00028566n	 "A skilled worker who draws plans of buildings or machines" "A skilled worker who draws plans of buildings or machines" "A drafter, draughtsman/draughtswoman, draftsman/draftswoman, drafting technician is an engineering technician who makes detailed technical drawings or plans for machinery, buildings, electronics, infrastructure, sections, etc." "Person who prepares technical drawings" "Someone employed in making mechanical drawings, as of machines, structures, etc." "A person who prepares technical drawings and plans." "A draftsman or draftswoman." "A person skilled at drawing engineering or architectural plans." "Person skilled at drawing engineering or architectural plans."
bn:02193897n	 "Helicopter is the seventh studio album by the post-industrial electronic band Download."
bn:00024156n	 "A small conspicuous constellation in the southern hemisphere in the Milky Way near Centaurus" "A small conspicuous constellation in the Southern Hemisphere in the Milky Way near Centaurus" "Crux is a constellation centred on four stars in the southern sky in a bright portion of the Milky Way." "Or Southern Cross, the smallest of the 88 modern constellations" "A distinctive winter constellation of the southern sky, shaped like a cross. It appears in the flags of several countries in Oceania." "Constellation." "A distinctive winter constellation of the southern sky, shaped like a cross, which appears in the flags of several countries in Oceania."
bn:00689813n	 "Serine-threonine kinase receptor-associated protein is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the STRAP gene." "Protein-coding gene in the species Homo sapiens"
bn:00021309n	 "Navigational instrument for finding directions" "Navigational instrument for finding directions" "A compass is a magnetometer used for navigation and orientation that shows direction relative to the geographic cardinal directions." "Direction finding and navigation instrument" "Navigational instrument that indicates the cardinal directions on the Earth." "A magnetic or electronic device used to determine the cardinal directions (usually magnetic or true north)."
bn:00024592n	 "A specific practice of long standing" "A specific practice of long standing" "cultural values and traditions inherited from one's ancestors" "A specific practice of long standing." "Long-established practice, considered as unwritten law, and resting for authority on long consent; usage. See Usage, and Prescription." "Long-established practice."
bn:00033693n	 "House for a farmer and family" "House for a farmer and family" "A farmhouse is a building that serves as the primary residence in a rural or agricultural setting." "Chief dwellings attached to farms, particularly a dwelling for the family of a family-owned and -operated farm" "A farmer's residence." "Farmer's residence."
bn:00269951n	 "CAVEman is a 4D high-resolution model of a functioning human elaborated by University of Calgary." "A 4D high-resolution model of a functioning human elaborated by University of Calgary"
bn:00026809n	 "A doctor who specializes in medical diagnosis" "A doctor who specializes in medical diagnosis" "A specialized doctor who treats pathologies." "The identification of the nature and cause of something (of any nature)." "Identification of the nature and cause of something." "A person who diagnoses, especially a medical doctor." "A medical doctor specialized in diagnoses."
bn:01158675n	 "ConQuesT is the annual science fiction and fantasy convention held in the Kansas City, Missouri area over the U. S. Memorial Day weekend." "A science fiction convention in Kansas City, Missouri" "Annual science fiction convention held in the Kansas City, Missouri area"
bn:01107173n	 "Cosmics Leaving Outdoor Droplets is an experiment being run at CERN by a group of researchers led by Jasper Kirkby to investigate the microphysics between galactic cosmic rays and aerosols under controlled conditions." "An experimental facility used to investigate the microphysics between galactic cosmic rays and clouds" "Experiment being run at CERN to investigate the microphysics between galactic cosmic rays and aerosols under controlled conditions."
bn:02229398n	 "Headland is an Australian drama television series produced by the Seven Network which ran from 15 November 2005 to 21 January 2006." "Australian television series"
bn:01997099n	 "RAPID is a high-level programming language used to control ABB industrial robots." "A programming language used to control ABB industrial robots" "high-level programming language used to control ABB industrial robots"
bn:00032363n	 "Commodities (goods or services) sold to a foreign country" "Commodities (goods or services) sold to a foreign country" "An export in international trade is a good or service produced in one country that is sold into another country." "Shipping the goods and services out of the port of a country" "Any good or commodity, transported from one country to another country in a legitimate fashion, typically for use in trade." "The commodity exported; an export."
bn:00008120n	 "Round object that is hit or thrown or kicked in games" "Round object that is hit or thrown or kicked in games" "A ball is a round object with various uses." "An object, generally spherical, used for playing games." "The ball travelled 90 mph on his serve" "The mayor threw out the first ball" "The ball rolled into the corner pocket" "The ball travelled 90 mph on his serve" "The mayor threw out the first ball" "The ball rolled into the corner pocket"
bn:00717265n	 "Object-Oriented Graphics Rendering Engine is a scene-oriented, real-time, open-source, 3D rendering engine." "Object-Oriented Graphics Rendering Engine, a 3D graphics engine" "Object-Oriented Graphics Rendering E"
bn:00005192n	 "Nocturnal flightless bird of New Zealand having a long neck and stout legs; only surviving representative of the order Apterygiformes" "Nocturnal flightless bird of New Zealand having a long neck and stout legs; only surviving representative of the order Apterygiformes" "Kiwi or kiwis are flightless birds endemic to New Zealand, in the genus Apteryx and family Apterygidae." "Flightless birds endemic to New Zealand" "Genus of birds" "Order of birds" "A flightless bird of the genus Apteryx native to New Zealand." "Kiwi bird." "A flightless bird of the genus Apteryx native to New Zealand." "Bird."
bn:00020437n	 "Tall pot in which coffee is brewed" "Tall pot in which coffee is brewed" "A container with a lid and handle used to serve coffee."
bn:00072067n	 "Thin layers of rock used for roofing" "Thin layers of rock used for roofing" "A roofing-tile made of slate." "Tile."
bn:01059385n	 "LaTeX is a software system for document preparation." "A document preparation system and markup language" "Document markup language" "A digital typesetting system for mathematical and scientific formulae layout; based on TeX."
bn:00009780n	 "Fighting; acts of overt warfare" "Fighting; acts of overt warfare" "The outbreak of hostilities" "The outbreak of hostilities"
bn:00043139n	 "An entrance equipped with a hatch; especially a passageway between decks of a ship" "An entrance equipped with a hatch; especially a passageway between decks of a ship" "A narrow passageway between the decks of a ship or submarine." "A means of passing through a wall or floor, having a hatch (especially on a ship); a doorway with a hatch rather than a door." "Doorway with hatch."
bn:00026159n	 "A scientist who studies the growth and density of populations and their vital statistics" "A scientist who studies the growth and density of populations and their vital statistics" "Study of human populations"
bn:00028227n	 "The main tower within the walls of a medieval castle or fortress" "The main tower within the walls of a medieval castle or fortress" "A keep is a type of fortified tower built within castles during the Middle Ages by European nobility." "Type of fortified tower built within castles during the Middle Ages by European nobility" "Highest and most fortified tower of a castle." "The fortified tower of a motte or early castle; a keep." "The main tower of a motte or castle; a keep or donjon." "The main tower of a motte or castle; a keep or donjon." "The main tower of a castle or fortress, located within the castle walls." "Main tower."
bn:02467402n	 "Balloon Array for Radiation-belt Relativistic Electron Losses was a NASA mission operated out of Dartmouth College that worked with the Van Allen Probes mission." "A NASA mission" "NASA mission"
bn:00004379n	 "(Latin) year" "(Latin) year" "A year measured relative to a certain extraterrestrial planet." "Per annum" "Per annum"
bn:00055921n	 "Differentiation and growth of the structure of an organism (or a part of an organism)" "Differentiation and growth of the structure of an organism (or a part of an organism)" "Morphogenesis is the biological process that causes a cell, tissue or organism to develop its shape." "One of three fundamental aspects of developmental biology along with the control of cell growth and cellular differentiation. It is concerned with the shapes of tissues, organs and entire organisms and the positions of the various specialized cell types. "
bn:00004840n	 "The trait of lacking enthusiasm for or interest in things generally" "The trait of lacking enthusiasm for or interest in things generally" "Absence of interest." "The trait of lacking enthusiasm for or interest in things generally." "A lack of enthusiasm." "The state or quality of being spiritless."
bn:00058376n	 "A synthetic fabric" "A group of synthetic fabrics, known generically as aliphatic polyamides" "Nylon is a generic designation for a family of synthetic polymers composed of polyamides." "Family of synthetic polymers originally developed as textile fibers" "A generic designation for a family of synthetic polymers." "Originally, the DuPont company trade name for polyamide, a copolymer whose molecules consist of alternating diamine and dicarboxylic acid monomers bonded together; now generically used for this type of polymer."
bn:03448154n	 "PuTTY is a free and open-source terminal emulator, serial console and network file transfer application." "Ssh/telnet client and terminal emulator"
bn:00890515n	 "TradeMark is a 325 feet tall, primarily residential, skyscraper in Charlotte, North Carolina."
bn:00072800n	 "Any bird having a musical call" "Any bird having a musical call" "A songbird is a bird belonging to the clade Passeri of the perching birds." "Suborder of birds" "Any passerine bird of the suborder Oscines, having highly developed vocal organs and, in most, a music call. " "A bird having a melodious song or call." "Bird." "A male songbird."
bn:14499071n	 "Computer security penetration software"
bn:03849414n	 "The Multinational Aircrew Electronic Warfare Tactics Facility Polygone - POLYGONE is an Electronic Warfare Tactics Range located on the border between Germany and France." "An electronic warfare tactics range between Germany and France" "Electronic Warfare Tactics Range located on the border between Germany and France"
bn:00081355n	 "Stylized bird wings worn as an insignia by qualified pilots or air crew members" "Stylized bird wings worn as an insignia by qualified pilots or air crew members" "Part of an aircraft that enables it to stay in the air" "Part of an aircraft that enables it to stay in the air." "The insignia of a qualified pilot or aircrew member."
bn:00040813n	 "Any of various small biting flies: midges; biting midges; black flies; sand flies" "Any of various small biting flies: midges; biting midges; black flies; sand flies" "A gnat is any of many species of tiny flying insects in the dipterid suborder Nematocera, especially those in the families Mycetophilidae, Anisopodidae and Sciaridae." "Any of many species of tiny flying insects in the Dipterid suborder Nematocera" "any of many species of tiny flying insects in the dipterid suborder Nematocera" "A tiny flying insect from one of several species in the Nematocera suborder, including the families Mycetophilidae, Anisopodidae and Sciaridae." "Any small insect of the order Diptera, specifically within the suborder Nematocera." "Any small insect of the order Diptera."
bn:00172227n	 "KIWI is a commercial radio station located in McFarland, California, broadcasting to the Bakersfield, California, area." "A commercial radio station in McFarland, California" "radio station in California, United States"
bn:00008594n	 "Tough protective covering of the woody stems and roots of trees and other woody plants" "Tough protective covering of the woody stems and roots of trees and other woody plants" "Bark is the outermost layers of stems and roots of woody plants." "External parenchymal tissue, located just below the epidermis in the primary structure of the stem" "The exterior covering of the trunk and branches of a tree."
bn:00008691n	 "A cylindrical container that holds liquids" "A cylindrical container that holds liquids" "A barrel or cask is a hollow cylindrical container with a bulging center, longer than it is wide." "Hollow cylindrical container" "Container for liquids." "A round vessel or cask, of greater length than breadth, and bulging in the middle, made of staves bound with hoops, and having flat ends or heads. Sometimes applied to a similar cylindrical container made of metal, usually called a drum." "A cracker barrel."
bn:03150419n	 "SNOW 1.0, SNOW 2.0, and SNOW 3G are word-based synchronous stream ciphers developed by Thomas Johansson and Patrik Ekdahl at Lund University." "A stream cipher" "Stream cipher"
bn:00181999n	 "SEED is a block cipher developed by the Korea Internet & Security Agency." "A Korean block cipher" "Block cipher"
bn:01222264n	 "A springboard or diving board is used for diving and is a board that is itself a spring, i.e. a linear flex-spring, of the cantilever type." "An often flexible board from which a dive may be executed."
bn:00023161n	 "A revolutionary whose aim is to reverse the changes introduced by an earlier revolution" "A revolutionary whose aim is to reverse the changes introduced by an earlier revolution" "A counter-revolutionary or an anti-revolutionary is anyone who opposes a revolution, particularly one who acts after a revolution in order to try to overturn it or reverse its course, in full or in part." "a revolution to reverse a recent revolution" "A revolution to reverse a recent revolution" "One who opposes a sociopolitical revolution." "A person who opposes a revolution and attempts to reverse the changes made by it." "Person who opposes a revolution."
bn:00073396n	 "A large and usually triangular headsail; carried by a yacht as a headsail when running before the wind" "A large and usually triangular headsail; carried by a yacht as a headsail when running before the wind" "A spinnaker is a sail designed specifically for sailing off the wind from a reaching course to a downwind, i.e. with the wind 90–180° off bow." "Forward sail" "A supplemental sail to the mainsail, especially a triangular one, used on yachts for running before the wind." "Sail."
bn:03205961n	 "WALL is a radio station licensed to Middletown, New York, that serves Orange County, New York." "Radio station (1340 AM) in Middletown, New York, United States" "Radio station in Middletown, New York, United States"
bn:00028567n	 "An artist skilled at drawing" "An artist skilled at drawing" "A woman exceptionally skilled in drawing." "An artist who primarily makes drawings." "Artist who primarily makes drawings."
bn:02049329n	 "TRICKLE was a file-forwarding service on the BITNET network."
bn:00032692n	 "A sad Portuguese folksong" "A sad Portuguese folksong" "Fado is a music genre that can be traced to the 1820s in Lisbon, Portugal, but probably has much earlier origins." "Portuguese music genre" "A Portuguese folk song, usually featuring a single vocalist, Portuguese guitar and sometimes classical guitar. Lyrical themes are often melancholic in nature; the structure of the song is of greater importance." "Song."
bn:00054181n	 "A mongoose-like viverrine of South Africa having a face like a lemur and only four toes" "A mongoose-like viverrine of South Africa having a face like a lemur and only four toes" "The meerkat or suricate is a small mongoose found in southern Africa." "Species of small carnivoran in the mongoose family" "Genus of mammals" "Small carnivorous mammal." "Suricata suricatta, a small carnivorous mammal of the mongoose family, from the Kalahari Desert, known for its habit of standing on its hind legs."
bn:00062032n	 "(linguistics) one of a small set of speech sounds that are distinguished by the speakers of a particular language" "(linguistics) one of a small set of speech sounds that are distinguished by the speakers of a particular language" "In phonology and linguistics, a phoneme is a unit of sound that distinguishes one word from another in a particular language." "Basic unit of phonology" "The smallest unit of sound which distinguishes meaning in a language." "An indivisible unit of sound in a given language. A phoneme is an abstraction of the physical speech sounds (phones) and may encompass several different phones." "Indivisible unit of sound."
bn:00034108n	 "Any of numerous flowerless and seedless vascular plants having true roots from a rhizome and fronds that uncurl upward; reproduce by spores" "Any of numerous flowerless and seedless vascular plants having true roots from a rhizome and fronds that uncurl upward; reproduce by spores" "A fern is a member of a group of vascular plants that reproduce via spores and have neither seeds nor flowers." "Any of many groups of Pteridophyta in the plant kingdom" "Group of vascular plants" "Any of a large number of vascular plants composing the division Polypodiophyta, without flowers and fruits. " "Any of a group of some twenty thousand species of vascular plants classified in the division Pteridophyta that lack seeds and reproduce by shedding spores to initiate an alternation of generations." "Plant."
bn:00039067n	 "Type genus of the Percidae" "Type genus of the Percidae" "Any of the three species of spiny-finned freshwater fish in the genus Perca." "Fish of the genus Perca."
bn:00024274n	 "An ancient unit of length based on the length of the forearm" "An ancient unit of length based on the length of the forearm" "The cubit is an ancient unit of length that had several definitions according to each of the various cultures that used the unit." "An ancient measure of length" "Unit of length" "An ancient unit of length based on the length of the forearm." "Various former units of length notionally based on the distance from a grown man's elbow to his fingertips, standardized in different places and times at values between 35 and 60 cm."
bn:00044420n	 "The quality of being holy" "The quality of being holy" "Sacred describes something that is dedicated or set apart for the service or worship of a deity; considered worthy of spiritual respect or devotion; or inspires awe or reverence among believers." "Revered due to association with holiness" "The state or condition of being holy." "State or condition of being holy." "Holiness; sacredness; sanctity." "Something considered sacred." "Something considered sacred."
bn:01939870n	 "Love-In is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded at the Fillmore Auditorium in San Francisco by the Charles Lloyd Quartet featuring Keith Jarrett, Ron McClure and Jack DeJohnette."
bn:00077718n	 "A clan or tribe identified by their kinship to a common totemic object" "A clan or tribe identified by their kinship to a common totemic object" "The clan whose kinship is defined in reference to such an object or creature."
bn:00005810n	 "An army unit usually consisting of two or more divisions and their support" "An army unit usually consisting of two or more divisions and their support" "Corps is a term used for several different kinds of organisation." "Military unit size designation"
bn:00056901n	 "Cavity forming the upper part of the pharynx" "Cavity forming the upper part of the pharynx" "The nasal part of the pharynx, lying behind the nose and above the level of the soft palate." "The part of the pharynx below and behind the larynx." "The part of the pharynx below and behind the larynx." "Anatomy: the part of the pharynx below and behind the larynx." "The nasal part of the pharynx, lying behind the nose and above the level of the soft palate." "Nasal part of the pharynx."
bn:00011223n	 "The union of the Father and Son and Holy Ghost in one Godhead" "The union of the Father and Son and Holy Ghost in one Godhead" "The Christian doctrine of the Trinity holds that God is one God, but three coeternal and consubstantial persons: the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit." "A central concept in Christian theology" "Christian conception of God as consisting of three persons — the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit — sharing the same substance" "Representation in which God is considered as being three persons: the Father, The Son and the Holy Spirit." "The three persons of the Godhead: the Father, Son and Holy Spirit." "In Christian belief, the three persons (personae) of the Godhead: Father, Son and Holy Spirit." "Christianity: three persons of the Godhead."
bn:16684390n	 "ELIXIR is an initiative that will allow life science laboratories across Europe to share and store their research data as part of an organised network." "European life-sciences Infrastructure for biological Information" "European life-sciences infrastructure"
bn:01211286n	 "CHERUB is a series of teenage spy novels written by English author Robert Muchamore, focusing around a division of the British Security Service called CHERUB, which employs children, predominantly orphans, under the age of 17, as intelligence agents." "A series of spy novels by Robert Muchamore" "Group of works by Robert Muchamore"
bn:00035426n	 "A substance that is fluid at room temperature and pressure" "A substance that is fluid at room temperature and pressure" "In physics, a fluid is a substance that continually deforms under an applied shear stress, or external force." "For example after cocaine insufflation" "Substance which continuously deforms under an applied shear stress, including liquids and gases" "A substance which deforms continuously under the action of a shear force, however small."
bn:00687731n	 "Progressive ankylosis protein homolog is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ANKH gene." "Protein-coding gene in the species Homo sapiens"
bn:00080386n	 "An architectural partition with a height and length greater than its thickness; used to divide or enclose an area or to support another structure" "An architectural partition with a height and length greater than its thickness; used to divide or enclose an area or to support another structure" "A wall is a structure and a surface that defines an area; carries a load; provides security, shelter, or soundproofing; or, is decorative." "Vertical structure, usually solid, that defines and sometimes protects an area" "A vertical construction made of stone, brick, wood, etc., with a length and height much greater than its thickness, used to enclose, divide or support." "The south wall had a small window" "The walls were covered with pictures" "The walls were covered with pictures" "The south wall had a small window"
bn:00168023n	 "ROOT is an object-oriented program and library developed by CERN." "An object-oriented multipurpose data analysis package"
bn:01038082n	 "ProtoStar Ltd is a private company incorporated in Bermuda, with U.S. operations based in San Francisco, California and Asian operations based in Singapore."
bn:02807617n	 "WILY is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Centralia, Illinois." "A radio station (1210 AM) licensed to Centralia, Illinois, United States" "radio station in Centralia, Illinois"
bn:00028017n	 "A written account of ownership or obligation" "A written account of ownership or obligation"
bn:00002077n	 "A place of assembly for the people in ancient Greece" "A place of assembly for the people in ancient Greece" "The agora was a central public space in ancient Greek city-states." "The main square of the polis in ancient Greece."
bn:01358819n	 "IndiGo is an Indian low-cost airline headquartered in Gurugram, Haryana, India." "A low-cost Indian airline" "Indian airlines company"
bn:00028671n	 "A barge (or a vessel resembling a barge) that is used for dredging" "A barge (or a vessel resembling a barge) that is used for dredging"
bn:00047038n	 "Excess in action and immoderate indulgence of bodily appetites, especially in passion or indulgence" "Excess in action and immoderate indulgence of bodily appetites, especially in passion or indulgence" "Excessive or immoderate indulgence of one's own personal desires and needs above all others." "Excessive or immoderate indulgence of one's own personal desires and needs." "The intemperance of their language" "The intemperance of their language"
bn:00023633n	 "The part of milk containing the butterfat" "The part of milk containing the butterfat" "Cream is a dairy product composed of the higher-fat layer skimmed from the top of milk before homogenization." "Dairy product" "A dairy product that is composed of the higher-butterfat layer skimmed from the top of milk before homogenization. In un-homogenized milk, the fat, which is less dense, will eventually rise to the top. In the industrial production of cream this process is accelerated by using centrifuges called \"separators\"." "The butterfat/milkfat part of milk which rises to the top; this part when separated from the remainder." "Take 100 ml of cream and 50 grams of sugar…."
bn:00176598n	 "SIMILE was a joint research project run by the World Wide Web Consortium, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Libraries and MIT CSAIL and funded by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation." "Project to develop Semantic Web tools"
bn:00055014n	 "The serum or watery part of milk that is separated from the curd in making cheese" "The serum or watery part of milk that is separated from the curd in making cheese" "Whey is the liquid remaining after milk has been curdled and strained." "Whey, milk plasma, liquid whey" "Liquid remaining after milk has been curdled and strained" "The watery liquid that separates from the curd when the milk is clotted, as in making cheese."
bn:01522125n	 "taveRNA is a software suite for RNA/DNA secondary structure."
bn:00031156n	 "An acute contagious viral disease characterized by fever and by swelling of the parotid glands" "An acute contagious viral disease characterized by fever and by swelling of the parotid glands" "Mumps is a viral disease caused by the mumps virus." "Human disease caused by paramyxovirus" "An infectious disease which occurs mostly in childhood and is characterized by swelling of the face and parotid gland." "A contagious disease caused by the Mumps virus of the genus Rubulavirus, mostly occurring in childhood, which causes swelling of glands in the face and neck." "Contagious disease."
bn:02936641n	 "SpiNNaker is a massively parallel, manycore supercomputer architecture designed by the Advanced Processor Technologies Research Group at the Department of Computer Science, University of Manchester." "A computer designed to simulate the human brain" "Massively parallel, manycore supercomputer modelled on the human brain"
bn:16672404n	 "\"HeadBand\" is a song by American hip hop recording artist B.o.B. It was released on May 21, 2013, as the lead single from his third studio album, Underground Luxury." "2013 single by B.o.B featuring 2 Chainz"
bn:00020002n	 "A visible mass of water or ice particles suspended at a considerable altitude" "A visible mass of water or ice particles suspended at a considerable altitude" "In meteorology, a cloud is an aerosol consisting of a visible mass of minute liquid droplets, frozen crystals, or other particles suspended in the atmosphere of a planetary body or similar space." "Visible mass of liquid droplets or frozen crystals suspended in the atmosphere" "Suspensions of minute water droplets or ice crystals produced by the condensation of water vapour." "A visible mass of water droplets suspended in the air." "Visible mass of water droplets suspended in the air."
bn:01986361n	 "SNUB or Stop Norwich UrBanisation is a non-profit organisation based around Norwich, United Kingdom, whose aim is to stop the urbanisation of Norwich and its surrounding villages, such as Rackheath, Salhouse, Wroxham and Postwick." "Also known as Stop Norwich Urbanisation, based near Norwich, United Kingdom, aimed at stopping the urban sprawl of Norwich." "Non-profit organization based around Norwich, UK"
bn:14398137n	 "MOJO, stylized as M.O.J.O., is an Android-based video game microconsole manufactured by Mad Catz." "Android-based video game microconsole"
bn:00012231n	 "A hardy cabbage with coarse curly leaves that do not form a head" "A hardy cabbage with coarse curly leaves that do not form a head" "Kale, or leaf cabbage, belongs to a group of cabbage cultivars grown for their edible leaves, although some are used as ornamentals." "Form of cabbage with green or purple leaves" "A form of cabbage (Brassica oleracea Acephala Group), green in color, in which the central leaves do not form a head." "A form of the kale plant, Brassica oleracea acephala, used as the vegetable spring greens / collard greens." "A plant of the genus Brassica; now specifically, a Brassica plant without a head used for food, such as kale." "Kale." "A broth made with kale or other vegetables; hence, any broth; also, a dinner." "An edible plant, similar to cabbage, with curled leaves that do not form a dense head (Brassica oleracea var. acephala)." "Edible plant: Brassica oleracea acephala."
bn:01281679n	 "POET LLC is a U.S. biofuel company that specializes in the creation of bioethanol." "An American biofuel company" "American biofuel company"
bn:03645906n	 "The formal definition of large-calibre artillery used by the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms is \"guns, howitzers, artillery pieces, combining the characteristics of a gun, howitzer, mortar, or multiple-launch rocket system, capable of engaging surface targets by delivering primarily indirect fire, with a calibre of 75 millimetres and above\"."
bn:00980316n	 "giFT Internet File Transfer was a computer software daemon that allows several file sharing protocols to be used with a simple client having a graphical user interface." "Software daemon that allows several file sharing protocols to be used with a simple client"
bn:03731149n	 "KNOT is a radio station licensed to Prescott, Arizona." "A radio station in Prescott, Arizona, United States" "Radio station"
bn:03264607n	 "KINK is a commercial FM radio station in Portland, Oregon." "Radio station in Portland, Oregon"
bn:02454722n	 "AirDrop is a proprietary ad-hoc service in Apple Inc.'s iOS and macOS operating systems, introduced in Mac OS X Lion and iOS 7, which enables the transfer of files among supported Macintosh computers and iOS devices without using e-mail or a mass storage device." "Proprietary file sharing from iOS to MacOS, or iOS to iOS device"
bn:00028018n	 "(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters" "(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters" "A text file is a kind of computer file that is structured as a sequence of lines of electronic text." "Computer files of text" "Kind of computer file containing plain text" "Material of any kind, regardless of physical form, which furnishes information, evidence or ideas, including items such as contracts, bills of sale, letters, audio and video recordings, and machine readable data files." "A file that contains text." "A data file containing only plain, human-readable text, distinct from documents with embedded formatting." "Plain, human-readable file containing only text."
bn:00028016n	 "Anything serving as a representation of a person's thinking by means of symbolic marks" "Anything serving as a representation of a person's thinking by means of symbolic marks"
bn:00002282n	 "Delivery of supplies or equipment or personnel by dropping them by parachute from an aircraft" "Delivery of supplies or equipment or personnel by dropping them by parachute from an aircraft" "An airdrop is a type of airlift, developed during World War II to resupply otherwise inaccessible troops, who themselves may have been airborne forces." "Delivery of supplies by parachute or direct drop from aircraft" "Until then, front line troops will be supplied by airdrop" "Until then, front line troops will be supplied by airdrop"
bn:00028791n	 "Mechanism that transmits power from the engine to the driving wheels of a motor vehicle" "Mechanism that transmits power from the engine to the driving wheels of a motor vehicle"
bn:00028670n	 "A power shovel to remove material from a channel or riverbed" "A power shovel to remove material from a channel or riverbed" "Unconsolidated material removed from rivers, streams, and shallow seas with machines such as the bucket-ladder dredge, dragline dredge, or suction dredge." "The act of using a dredger or excavator to dredge a harbour, river, channel or watercourse."
bn:02091353n	 "In cellular telecommunications, the terms handover or handoff refer to the process of transferring an ongoing call or data session from one channel connected to the core network to another channel." "Telecommunications process"
bn:00019905n	 "Someone who does clog dancing" "Someone who does clog dancing"
bn:00010715n	 "The office and dignity of a bishop" "The office and dignity of a bishop" "The office and dignity of a bishop."
bn:03124795n	 "PERI is a manufacturer and supplier of formwork and scaffolding systems founded in 1969 in Weißenhorn, Germany, by Artur Schwörer." "One of the leading providers of formwork and scaffolding systems" "Company"
bn:15708279n	 "TriPod is a rock trio with no guitars or keyboards." "Band that plays rock music"
bn:01855600n	 "biff is a mail notification system for Unix."
bn:00024855n	 "Large family of small soft-finned fishes; killifishes; flagfishes; swordtails; guppies" "Large family of small soft-finned fishes; killifishes; flagfishes; swordtails; guppies"
bn:00239302n	 "CROCUS is a research reactor at École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, a research institute and university in Lausanne, Switzerland." "A nuclear reactor operated by the École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne"
bn:00232035n	 "DOGMA, short for Developing Ontology-Grounded Methods and Applications, is the name of research project in progress at Vrije Universiteit Brussel's STARLab, Semantics Technology and Applications Research Laboratory." "A computer science research project"
bn:00032724n	 "A person with a record of failing; someone who loses consistently" "A person with a record of failing; someone who loses consistently" "A disparaging, belittling or derogatory word or expression" "A person who loses; one who fails to win or thrive." "Person who fails to win." "In a two-horse race there is always one winner and one loser." "He was always a good loser."
bn:02545609n	 "JMdict is a large machine-readable multilingual Japanese dictionary."
bn:00045728n	 "An appliance included in some electric refrigerators for making ice cubes" "An appliance included in some electric refrigerators for making ice cubes" "An icemaker, ice generator, or ice machine may refer to either a consumer device for making ice, found inside a home freezer; a stand-alone appliance for making ice, or an industrial machine for making ice on a large scale." "Consumer device for making ice, found inside a  freezer"
bn:00037556n	 "Small swift graceful antelope of Africa and Asia having lustrous eyes" "Small swift graceful antelope of Africa and Asia having lustrous eyes" "A gazelle is any of many antelope species in the genus Gazella." "Genus of mammals" "An antelope of the genus Gazella mostly native to Africa and capable of running at high speeds for long periods." "An antelope of either of the genera Gazella (mostly native to Africa) or Procapra (native to Asia), capable of running at high speeds for long periods." "Antelope."
bn:00746589n	 "The INTErnational Gamma-Ray Astrophysics Laboratory is a space telescope for observing gamma rays of energies up to 8 MeV." "The International Gamma-Ray Astrophysics Laboratory" "Currently operational space telescope for observing gamma rays"
bn:01703159n	 "EXPORT is an exobiology project led by the European Space Agency, that deployed an external module to the International Space Station to study the photo-processing of organic molecules and the survival of some micro-organisms, as well as the effect of solar UV on unshielded organic molecules and micro-organisms while exposed to outer space." "An Exobiology experiment, developed by ESA, to be externally mounted on the ISS" "Measuring instrument on the International Space Station"
bn:01240605n	 "MUMPS, or M, is an integrated programming language and key–value database originally developed at Massachusetts General Hospital for managing hospital laboratory information systems." "A computer programming language (Massachusetts General Hospital Utility Multi-Programming System)" "Programming language"
bn:03735126n	 "The PHP Extension and Application Repository, or PEAR, is a repository of PHP software code." "Requiring at least PHP 5.3, to replace the previous PEAR installer" "Repository of PHP software code"
bn:00019047n	 "A unit of radioactivity equal to the amount of a radioactive isotope that decays at the rate of 37,000,000,000 disintegrations per second" "A unit of radioactivity equal to the amount of a radioactive isotope that decays at the rate of 37,000,000,000 disintegrations per second" "The curie is a non-SI unit of radioactivity originally defined in 1910." "A unit of radioactivity" "Non-SI unit of radioactivity" "A unit of radioactivity equal to one millionth of a curie." "The original unit used to describe the intensity of radioactivity in a sample of material. One curie equals thirty-seven billion disintegrations per second, or approximately the radioactivity of one gram of radium. This unit is no longer recognized as part of the International System of units. It has been replaced by the becquerel." "3.7×1010 decays per second, as a unit of radioactivity. Symbol Ci."
bn:00056212n	 "A racehorse that runs well on a muddy racetrack" "A racehorse that runs well on a muddy racetrack" "A racehorse that performs well on muddy or wet tracks."
bn:00078929n	 "An official at a baseball game" "An official at a baseball game" "An umpire." "Informal term for umpire." "One of usually 4 officials who preside over a baseball game." "The umpire called the pitch a strike."
bn:00714704n	 "WAFT is a Christian radio station licensed to Valdosta, Georgia, broadcasting on 101.1 MHz FM." "radio station in Valdosta, Georgia"
bn:00040683n	 "A sphere on which a map (especially of the earth) is represented" "A sphere on which a map (especially of the earth) is represented" "A globe is a spherical model of Earth, of some other celestial body, or of the celestial sphere." "A globe, a three-dimensional scale model of Earth" "Scale model of a celestial body" "A sphere on which a map (especially of the earth) is represented." "A spherical model of Earth or any planet." "Model of Earth."
bn:02649456n	 "hanDover is the eleventh studio album by Canadian band Skinny Puppy."
bn:00019904n	 "A dance performed while wearing shoes with wooden soles; has heavy stamping steps" "A dance performed while wearing shoes with wooden soles; has heavy stamping steps" "A type of shoe with an inflexible, often wooden sole sometimes with an open heel." "A type of shoe with an inflexible, often wooden sole and an open heel." "Any dance performed while wearing clogs, producing a percussive sound." "Dutch people rarely wear clogs these days."
bn:00066631n	 "Red color or pigment; the chromatic color resembling the hue of blood" "Red color or pigment; the chromatic color resembling the hue of blood" "Red is the color at the end of the visible spectrum of light, next to orange and opposite violet." "The colour obtained by subtracting green and blue from white. A primary colour in the additive colour system, and a secondary colour in the subtractive colour system. It is the complementary colour of cyan." "Any of a range of colours having the longest wavelengths, 670 nm, of the visible spectrum; a primary additive colour for transmitted light: the colour obtained by subtracting green and blue from white light using magenta and yellow filters; the colour of blood, ripe strawberries, etc." "Colour." "Red."
bn:00010714n	 "The territorial jurisdiction of a bishop" "The territorial jurisdiction of a bishop" "In church governance, a diocese or bishopric is the ecclesiastical district under the jurisdiction of a bishop." "The priest who acts as the highest religious official in a diocese." "In Christian religions, a region administered by a bishop." "A diocese or region of a church which a bishop governs." "Diocese." "Region administered by a bishop." "Region administered by a bishop." "A bishop's jurisdiction, the extent of his diocese." "Later that year, he was appointed to the bishopric of Lindesmeere."
bn:00046491n	 "A feeling of righteous anger" "A feeling of righteous anger" "Indignation is a complex and discrete emotion that is triggered by social emotions and social environments." "Outrage is a strong moral emotion characterized by a combination of surprise, disgust, and anger, usually in reaction to a grave personal offense." "Feeling of anger and shock" "A feeling of righteous anger." "An anger aroused by something perceived as an indignity, notably an offense or injustice." "Anger aroused by some perceived offense or injustice."
bn:00057546n	 "Information reported in a newspaper or news magazine" "Information reported in a newspaper or news magazine" "News is information about current events." "\"media coverage\"), the communication of selected information on current events" "Communication of selected information on current events" "New information." "Information about current events disseminated via media." "The news of my death was greatly exaggerated" "The news of my death was greatly exaggerated" "Did you hear/read/see the latest news?" "The news is that a new leader will be elected in one month."
bn:00005185n	 "A domed or vaulted recess or projection on a building especially the east end of a church; usually contains the altar" "A domed or vaulted recess or projection on a building especially the east end of a church; usually contains the altar" "In architecture, an apse is a semicircular recess covered with a hemispherical vault or semi-dome, also known as an exedra." "Semicircular recess covered with a hemispherical vault or semi-dome" "A semicircular projection from a building, especially the rounded east-end of a church that contains the altar." "A semicircular projection from a building, especially the rounded east end of a church that contains the altar." "Semicircular projection from a building." "A recess or projection, with a dome or vault, at the east end of a church; an apse." "Architecture: apse."
bn:00061188n	 "Old World tree having sweet gritty-textured juicy fruit; widely cultivated in many varieties" "Old World tree having sweet gritty-textured juicy fruit; widely cultivated in many varieties" "Pears are fruits produced and consumed around the world, growing on a tree and harvested in late Summer into October." "Pyrus communis, known as the European pear or common pear, is a species of pear native to central and eastern Europe and southwest Asia." "Species of plant" "Genus of plants, and common fruit" "A tree producing the pear fruit." "An edible fruit produced by the pear tree, similar to an apple but elongated towards the stem." "Fruit." "Tree." "A tree of the genus Pyrus, which bears the pears as fruits." "Tree of the genus Pyrus." "On the first day of Christmas, my true love sent to me." "A partridge in a pear tree - The Twelve Days of Christmas."
bn:01924581n	 "Chaos;Head Love Chu Chu! " "Video game"
bn:00024854n	 "Any member of the family Cyprinodontidae" "Any member of the family Cyprinodontidae" "Any of the Cyprinodontidae, a family of fishes including the killifishes or minnows."
bn:00065772n	 "The length of a line segment between the center and circumference of a circle or sphere" "The length of a line segment between the center and circumference of a circle or sphere" "In classical geometry, a radius of a circle or sphere is any of the line segments from its center to its perimeter, and in more modern usage, it is also their length." "For a sphere (lingo)" "Segment in a circle or sphere (from its center to its perimeter or surface) and its length" "Geometry: Distance of the circle line from the centre of the circle or of the surface of a ball to the centre of the ball" "A line segment between any point of a circle or sphere and its center." "Line segment."
bn:00026807n	 "A procedure followed in making a medical diagnosis" "A procedure followed in making a medical diagnosis" "Diagnosis is the identification of the nature and cause of a certain phenomenon." "Medical shorthand symbol generally written as Dx or D x"
bn:00027571n	 "Extreme unpalatability to the mouth" "Extreme unpalatability to the mouth" "An intense dislike or loathing someone feels for something bad or nasty." "An intense dislike or repugnance." "The state or quality of being distasteful or objectionable; causing averseness; unpleasantness." "With an air of disgust, she stormed out of the room."
bn:00029774n	 "A person responsible for the editorial aspects of publication; the person who determines the final content of a text (especially of a newspaper or magazine)" "A person responsible for the editorial aspects of publication; the person who determines the final content of a text (especially of a newspaper or magazine)" "An editor-in-chief, also known as lead editor or chief editor, is a publication's editorial leader who has final responsibility for its operations and policies." "Having final responsibility for a publication's operations and policies" "A publication's editorial leader who has final responsibility for its operations and policies" "A person at a newspaper or similar institution who edits stories and decides which ones to publish." "The highest ranking editor on an editorial staff." "Highest ranking editor."
bn:00045727n	 "An electric refrigerator to supply ice cubes" "An electric refrigerator to supply ice cubes" "A device found in a freezer that is used to make ice." "Device."
bn:03270721n	 "COMPASS, COMPrehensive ASSembler, is any of a family of macro assembly languages on Control Data Corporation's 3000 series, and on the 60-bit CDC 6000 series, 7600 and Cyber 70 and 170 series mainframe computers." "Comprehensive Assembler, a programming language" "Acronym for COMPrehensive ASSembler; any of a family of macro assembly languages on Control Data Corporation's 3000 series, and on the 60-bit CDC 6000 series, 7600 and Cyber 70 and 170 series mainframe computers"
bn:00060099n	 "(music) the speed at which a composition is to be played" "(music) the speed at which a composition is to be played" "In musical terminology, tempo is the speed or pace of a given piece." "A musical term meaning to slow the tempo of a piece of music" "Musical concept indicating to the speed of interpretation" "The speed or pace of a given musical piece." "The act of moving in paces, or their arrangement or timing."
bn:02340449n	 "NOiSE is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tsutomu Nihei as a prequel to his ten-volume work, Blame!." "A manga by Tsutomu Nihei" "Manga"
bn:02320901n	 "A taverna is a small Greek restaurant that serves Greek cuisine." "A place serving Greek cuisine" "A small Greek restaurant."
bn:00058511n	 "Something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted" "Something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted" "Something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted." "Something that impedes, stands in the way of, or holds up progress." "Something that impedes, stands in the way of, or holds up progress." "Something which obstructs or impedes, either intentionally or unintentionally." "Lack of imagination is an obstacle to one's advancement" "The poverty of a district is an obstacle to good education" "The filibuster was a major obstruction to the success of their plan" "The poverty of a district is an obstacle to good education" "The filibuster was a major obstruction to the success of their plan" "Lack of imagination is an obstacle to one's advancement" "A big obstacle to understanding the manual was that it had been poorly translated from the Japanese."
bn:00813299n	 "FADO is a European image-archiving system that was set up to help combat illegal immigration and organised crime."
bn:00042316n	 "Athletic facility equipped for sports or physical training" "Athletic facility equipped for sports or physical training" "A gymnasium, also known as a gym, is a covered location for athletics." "Also called \"Multi-Purpose Room\" (MPR)" "Building designed and equipped for athletics and fitness" "A building that is designed for indoor sports." "A public place or building where Ancient Greek youths took exercise, with running and wrestling grounds, baths, and halls for conversation."
bn:00009588n	 "An electronic device that generates a series of beeps when the person carrying it is being paged" "An electronic device that generates a series of beeps when the person carrying it is being paged" "A pager is a wireless telecommunications device that receives and displays alphanumeric or voice messages." "Wireless telecommunications device that receives and displays alphanumeric messages and/or receives and announces voice messages; part of a paging system" "A pager (device)." "A wireless telecommunications device that receives text or voice messages." "Device."
bn:00023971n	 "The practice of adopting the clothes or the manner or the sexual role of the opposite sex" "The practice of adopting the clothes or the manner or the sexual role of the opposite sex" "Cross-dressing is the act of wearing items of clothing not commonly associated with one's sex." "Transvestism is the practice of dressing in a manner traditionally associated with the opposite sex." "A person who habitually dresses in cross-sex clothing without intention to medically or hormonally transition to that sex." "Practice of dressing and acting in a style or manner traditionally associated with the opposite sex for performance purposes" "Practice of dressing in a manner traditionally associated with the opposite sex" "A condition in which a person identifies himself or herself with the opposite sex, in particular in dress." "The wearing of clothing which society considers appropriate for the opposite sex rather than the wearer's sex."
bn:00036006n	 "A person who foretells your personal future" "A person who foretells your personal future" "A person who gives predictions about the future of a person's life."
bn:00016879n	 "Someone who lives in a cave" "Someone who lives in a cave" "A caveman is a stock character representative of primitive man in the Paleolithic." "A cave dweller, or troglodyte, is a human being who inhabits a cave or the area beneath the overhanging rocks of a cliff." "A stock character based upon widespread concepts of the way in which early prehistoric humans may have looked and behaved" "Common name of Homo troglodytes" "Human being who inhabits a cave" "Prehistoric, primitive human living in caves." "A prehistoric human who lived in caves; a caveman or cavewoman." "Prehistoric human who lived in caves." "An early human or closely related species, popularly held to reside in caves." "A caveman or cavewoman." "A member of a supposed prehistoric race that lived in caves or holes, a caveman." "Member of a supposed prehistoric race that lived in caves." "The political cartoon showed the politician as a caveman, clubbing the budget depicted as a mammoth."
bn:01152302n	 "The Patrons of Northwest Civic, Cultural and Charitable Organizations is a non-profit corporation in Seattle, Washington, United States, whose annual fund-raising auction has long played a significant role in funding the arts in Seattle."
bn:00778814n	 "An archenemy is the main enemy of someone." "The principal enemy of a character in a work of fiction" "Main enemy of someone"
bn:00076042n	 "Music written in duple time for dancing the tango" "Music written in duple time for dancing the tango" "Tango is a partner dance, and social dance that originated in the 1880s along the Río de la Plata, the natural border between Argentina and Uruguay." "A partner dance that originated in the 1890s along the Río de la Plata" "Argentinian partner dance"
bn:00001844n	 "The leaves of the shrub Catha edulis which are chewed like tobacco or used to make tea; has the effect of a euphoric stimulant" "The leaves of the shrub Catha edulis which are chewed like tobacco or used to make tea; has the effect of a euphoric stimulant" "The young leaves of the khat plant chewed or drunk as a tea for their stimulant effects." "A shrub, Catha edulis, whose leaves are used as a mild stimulant when chewed or brewed as tea; also a drug produced from this plant." "Shrub ( Catha edulis)." "In Yemen kat is used daily by 85% of adults" "In Yemen kat is used daily by 85% of adults"
bn:01182082n	 "The TANGO control system is a free open source device-oriented controls toolkit for controlling any kind of hardware or software and building SCADA systems." "A CORBA+ZMQ based control system" "Object-oriented control system"
bn:00024526n	 "An evil spell" "An evil spell" "A jinx, in popular superstition and folklore, is a curse or the attribute of attracting bad or negative luck." "A type of curse placed on a person, or a person afflicted with a similar curse, and also a slang term used when two people say the same thing at the same time" "An evil spell." "A spell (now rare but still found in compounds such as hex sign and hexcraft)." "Rare: a spell." "A hex; an evil spell." "A hex; an evil spell." "A charm or spell." "An evil spell; a curse or hex." "An evil spell; a curse or hex." "A witch put a curse on his whole family" "He put the whammy on me" "A witch put a curse on his whole family" "He put the whammy on me"
bn:00011376n	 "Temperature of the body; normally 98.6 F or 37 C in humans; usually measured to obtain a quick evaluation of a person's health" "Temperature of the body; normally 98.6 F or 37 C in humans; usually measured to obtain a quick evaluation of a person's health" "Temperature of the body; normally 37°C in humans." "The measured temperature of the body of a person or animal." "The current temperature of the body of a person or animal, especially when used as a simple guide to health." "The current temperature of the body of a person or animal." "The normal body temperature of a dog falls within the range of about 38°C to 39°C."
bn:00054001n	 "An average of n numbers computed by adding some function of the numbers and dividing by some function of n" "An average of n numbers computed by adding some function of the numbers and dividing by some function of n" "There are several kinds of mean in mathematics, especially in statistics." "A term used in mathematics and statistics" "General term for the several definitions of mean value, the sum divided by the count" "The average of a set of values, calculated by summing them together and dividing by the number of terms; the arithmetic mean." "Arithmetic mean."
bn:01225569n	 "The Cyclone, was a vacuum tube computer, built by Iowa State College at Ames, Iowa." "vacuum tube computer built by Iowa State College"
bn:00752190n	 "OnyX is a popular freeware utility for macOS developed by French developer Joël Barrière that is compatible with both PowerPC and Intel processors." "A freeware system maintenance and optimization tool for Mac OS X"
bn:00058512n	 "An obstruction that stands in the way (and must be removed or surmounted or circumvented)" "An obstruction that stands in the way (and must be removed or surmounted or circumvented)" "An obstacle is an object, thing, action or situation that causes an obstruction." "Impeding object"
bn:00047010n	 "The result of a mathematical integration; F(x) is the integral of f(x) if dF/dx = f(x)" "The result of a mathematical integration; F(x) is the integral of f(x) if dF/dx = f(x)" "In mathematics, an integral assigns numbers to functions in a way that can describe displacement, area, volume, and other concepts that arise by combining infinitesimal data." "In mathematics, a fundamental concept of calculus -- the operation of calculating the area between the curve of a function on the x-axis or y-axis" "Operation in calculus"
bn:01588673n	 "In semiconductor fabrication, a resist is a thin layer used to transfer a circuit pattern to the semiconductor substrate which it is deposited upon." "A material or thin layer used in semiconductor fabrication."
bn:00592126n	 "The VizieR Catalogue Service is an astronomical catalog service provided by Centre de données astronomiques de Strasbourg." "Astronomy objects catalog"
bn:02197863n	 "SAFARI was an attempt by the French government, under the presidency of Georges Pompidou, to create a centralized database of personal data." "A proposed French government database of personal data" "Project of the French government to create a centralized database of personal data"
bn:00020430n	 "A kitchen appliance for brewing coffee automatically" "A kitchen appliance for brewing coffee automatically" "Coffeemakers or coffee machines are cooking appliances used to brew coffee." "A vending machine that dispenses coffee." "Any of several different types of kitchen apparatus used to brew and filter coffee." "Kitchen apparatus used to brew and filter coffee."
bn:00077905n	 "A path or track roughly blazed through wild or hilly country" "A path or track roughly blazed through wild or hilly country" "A trail is usually a path, track or unpaved lane or road." "Path with a rough beaten or dirt/stone surface used for travel" "A trail in the country along which one can walk, usually for pleasure or exercise." "A narrow path for walkers only." "A route for travel over land, especially a narrow, unpaved pathway for use by hikers, horseback riders, etc."
bn:00029247n	 "A legendary creature resembling a tiny old man; lives in the depths of the earth and guards buried treasure" "A legendary creature resembling a tiny old man; lives in the depths of the earth and guards buried treasure" "A gnome is a mythological creature and diminutive spirit in Renaissance magic and alchemy, first introduced by Paracelsus in the 16th century and later adopted by more recent authors including those of modern fantasy literature." "Spelled Nome in the Oz books by L. Frank Baum" "Diminutive spirit in Renaissance magic and alchemy" "Any member of a race of beings from (especially Scandinavian and other Germanic) folklore, usually depicted as having some sort of supernatural powers and being skilled in crafting and metalworking, often as short with long beards, and sometimes as clashing with elves." "An elemental (spirit or corporeal creature associated with a classical element) associated with earth."
bn:17356902n	 "MEAN" "JavaScript software stack"
bn:03281530n	 "WANT is an FM radio station licensed to Lebanon, Tennessee, broadcasting at 98.9 MHz." "An FM radio station in Lebanon, Tennessee." "Radio station in Lebanon, Tennessee"
bn:00026716n	 "An instrumentality invented for a particular purpose" "An instrumentality invented for a particular purpose" "A device able to perform a particular, more or less complex, job." "Any piece of equipment made for a particular purpose, especially a mechanical or electrical one." "Piece of equipment." "A device that directs and controls energy, often in the form of movement or electricity, to produce a certain effect." "The device is small enough to wear on your wrist" "A device intended to conserve water" "A device intended to conserve water" "The device is small enough to wear on your wrist" "There are a number of household devices in a kitchen such as a dishwasher, a garbage disposal, or an electric can opener."
bn:00050526n	 "A baseball pitcher who throws the ball with the left hand" "A baseball pitcher who throws the ball with the left hand" "A left-handed relief pitcher who specializes in getting left-handed or poor right-handed switch batters out ." "One who is left-handed." "A left-handed pitcher." "Since home plate is generally in the southwest corner to avoid glare in the batter's eyes, a southpaw's pitching hand is to the south."
bn:00064893n	 "A stable particle with positive charge equal to the negative charge of an electron" "A stable particle with positive charge equal to the negative charge of an electron" "A proton is a subatomic particle, symbol p or p+, with a positive electric charge of +1e elementary charge and a mass slightly less than that of a neutron." "Nucleon that has positive electric charge; symbol p" "A positively charged subatomic particle forming part of the nucleus of an atom and determining the atomic number of an element." "A positively charged subatomic particle forming part of the nucleus of an atom and determining the atomic number of an element, composed of two up quarks and a down quark." "Positively charged nucleon."
bn:00009655n	 "The action or reaction of something (as a machine or substance) under specified circumstances" "The action or reaction of something (as a machine or substance) under specified circumstances" "The behavior of small particles can be studied in experiments" "The behavior of small particles can be studied in experiments"
bn:00028230n	 "A locomotive for switching rolling stock in a railroad yard" "A locomotive for switching rolling stock in a railroad yard" "A switcher or shunter: a railroad locomotive used for shunting."
bn:03096660n	 "The Experimental Advanced Superconducting Tokamak, internal designation HT-7U, is an experimental superconducting tokamak magnetic fusion energy reactor in Hefei, China." "Experimental superconducting tokamak magnetic fusion energy reactor in China"
bn:03310127n	 "The WiLL brand was a marketing approach shared by a small group of Japanese companies who decided to offer products and services that focused on a younger demographic from August 1999 until July 2004 in Japan." "A brand used by a small group of Japanese companies" "Trademark"
bn:00079105n	 "(music) two or more sounds or tones at the same pitch or in octaves" "(music) two or more sounds or tones at the same pitch or in octaves" "In music, unison is two or more musical parts that sound either the same pitch or pitches separated by intervals of one or more octaves, usually at the same time." "Singing in unison" "Singing in unison"
bn:00063792n	 "An affix that is added at the end of the word" "An affix that is added at the end of the word" "In linguistics, a suffix is an affix which is placed after the stem of a word." "Type of morpheme"
bn:01258573n	 "A fang is a long, pointed tooth." "Long, pointed tooth"
bn:00001745n	 "A quality proceeding from feelings of affection or love" "A quality proceeding from feelings of affection or love" "In English, the word like has a very flexible range of uses, ranging from conventional to non-standard." "English word" "The quality of being loving."
bn:00067811n	 "The hand that is on the right side of the body" "The hand that is on the right side of the body" "He writes with his right hand but pitches with his left" "Hit him with quick rights to the body" "He writes with his right hand but pitches with his left" "Hit him with quick rights to the body"
bn:00030810n	 "The power to withstand hardship or stress" "The power to withstand hardship or stress" "Endurance is the ability of an organism to exert itself and remain active for a long period of time, as well as its ability to resist, withstand, recover from, and have immunity to trauma, wounds, or fatigue." "The ability of an organism to exert itself and remain active for a long period of time, as well as its ability to resist, withstand, recover from, and have immunity to trauma, wounds, or fatigue" "Ability to endure hardship." "Ability to endure hardship." "The marathon tests a runner's endurance" "The marathon tests a runner's endurance"
bn:00035488n	 "(physics) the number of changes in energy flow across a given surface per unit area" "(physics) the number of changes in energy flow across a given surface per unit area"
bn:02380893n	 "In the field of cell biology, TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand, is a protein functioning as a ligand that induces the process of cell death called apoptosis." "Acronym in molecular biology for \"TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand\"" "Protein-coding gene in the species Homo sapiens"
bn:16800907n	 "The POODLE attack is a man-in-the-middle exploit which takes advantage of Internet and security software clients' fallback to SSL 3.0." "Man-in-the-middle exploit taking advantage of fallback to SSL 3.0, disclosed on October 2014"
bn:00054176n	 "(Greek mythology) a woman transformed into a Gorgon by Athena; she was slain by Perseus" "(Greek mythology) a woman transformed into a Gorgon by Athena; she was slain by Perseus" "In Greek mythology, Medusa also called Gorgo, was one of the three monstrous Gorgons, generally described as winged human females with living venomous snakes in place of hair." "One of the Gorgons of Greek mythology. Her name means Guardian, or Protectress" "Monster from Greek mythology" "The only mortal of the three gorgon sisters. She is killed by Perseus. The other two sisters were Euryale and Stheno." "One of the Gorgons."
bn:03720676n	 "CRUX is a lightweight, x86-64-optimized Linux distribution targeted at experienced Linux users and delivered by a tar." "A lightweight, x86-64-optimized Linux distribution" "Linux distribution"
bn:00043523n	 "Someone motivated by desires for sensual pleasures" "Someone motivated by desires for sensual pleasures" "(philosophy) The belief that pleasure or happiness is the highest good in life." "The belief that pleasure or happiness is the highest good in life. Some hedonists, such as the Epicureans, have insisted that pleasure of the entire mind, not just pleasure of the senses, is the highest good." "Someone devoted to hedonism." "Someone devoted to hedonism." "A person who is motivated by personal enjoyment; a hedonist."
bn:00043632n	 "(Middle Ages) a person who is bound to the land and owned by the feudal lord" "(Middle Ages) a person who is bound to the land and owned by the feudal lord" "The feudal system that includes serfs." "Feudal system." "A feudal tenant." "Feudal tenant."
bn:15634809n	 "PAGER is a monitoring system for earthquakes." "An earthquake monitoring system run by the US Geological Survey" "Monitoring system for earthquakes operated by the US Geological Survey"
bn:00015316n	 "Small and light boat; pointed at both ends; propelled with a paddle" "Small and light boat; pointed at both ends; propelled with a paddle" "A canoe is a lightweight narrow vessel, typically pointed at both ends and open on top, propelled by one or more seated or kneeling paddlers facing the direction of travel and using a single-bladed paddle." "A light narrow boat driven by a paddle." "A small long and narrow boat, propelled by one or more people (depending on the size of canoe), using single-bladed paddles. The paddlers face in the direction of travel, in either a seated position, or kneeling on the bottom of the boat. Canoes are open on top, and pointed at both ends." "Small long and narrow boat."
bn:00028015n	 "Writing that provides information (especially information of an official nature)" "Writing that provides information (especially information of an official nature)" "A document is a written, drawn, presented, or memorialized representation of thought, often the manifestation of non-fictional, as well as fictional, content." "Written or drawn representation of thoughts" "An original or official paper used as the basis, proof, or support of anything else, including any writing, book, or other instrument conveying information pertinent to such proof or support." "Original or official paper."
bn:00072876n	 "A strong wind from the southeast" "A strong wind from the southeast" "A strong wind blowing from the southeast."
bn:00081177n	 "Hairpiece covering the head and made of real or synthetic hair" "Hairpiece covering the head and made of real or synthetic hair" "A wig is a head or hair accessory made from human hair, animal hair, or synthetic fiber." "London slang for a wig as used in Only Fools and Horses" "Head covering mimicking hair" "A head of real or synthetic hair worn on the head to disguise baldness, for cultural or religious reasons, for fashion, or by actors to help them better resemble the character they are portraying."
bn:01042595n	 "SPICE is a general-purpose, open-source analog electronic circuit simulator." "An electronic circuit simulator" "General-purpose, open source analog electronic circuit simulator"
bn:00012266n	 "A Russian or Polish soup usually containing beet juice as a foundation" "A Russian or Polish soup usually containing beet juice as a foundation" "Borscht is a sour soup common in Eastern Europe and Northern Asia." "A Ukrainian soup" "Chilled soup made from beets" "Traditional Eastern European soup usually made of beetroot and beef." "A beetroot soup that can be served hot or cold, usually with sour cream." "Beetroot soup."
bn:00062148n	 "(biology) the major taxonomic group of animals and plants; contains classes" "(biology) the major taxonomic group of animals and plants; contains classes" "In biology, a phylum is a level of classification or taxonomic rank below kingdom and above class." "A biological taxon between Kingdom and Class" "Taxonomic rank"
bn:00035200n	 "A pocketknife with a blade that springs open at the press of a button" "A pocketknife with a blade that springs open at the press of a button" "A switchblade is a type of knife with a folding or sliding blade contained in the handle which is extended automatically by a spring when a button, lever or switch on the handle or bolster is activated." "A type of knife which has the blade mounted on a pivot so that it can fold back sideways into the handle when not in use, but can flick out straight, usually with a spring-loaded mechanism, when required." "A folding knife with a blade which opens automatically (under spring pressure) when a button is pressed." "A folding knife with a blade which opens automatically (under spring pressure) when a button is pressed."
bn:02522151n	 "stOrk was an American avant-garde metal supergroup, formed by ex-Korn touring guitarist Shane Gibson and drummer Thomas Lang in 2010." "American rock band"
bn:00024182n	 "Coloring that conceals or disguises an animal's shape" "Coloring that conceals or disguises an animal's shape" "The use of natural or artificial material on personnel, objects, or tactical positions with the aim of confusing, misleading, or evading the enemy." "Military."
bn:01215560n	 "A love-in is a peaceful public gathering focused on meditation, love, music, sex and/or use of psychedelic drugs." "Peaceful public gathering" "A social gathering to promote love and feelings of well-being."
bn:00039966n	 "Type and sole genus of the Trichechidae" "Type and sole genus of the Trichechidae" "Any of several plant-eating marine mammals, of family Trichechidae, found in tropical regions."
bn:00182939n	 "APSE standing for Ada Programming Support Environment was a specification for a programming environment to support software development in the Ada programming language."
bn:00027917n	 "(botany) taxonomic unit of plants corresponding to a phylum" "(botany) taxonomic unit of plants corresponding to a phylum" "A biological taxon in botany, mycology and microbiology, a group of species, part of a kingdom and consisting of one or more classes" "A rank below kingdom and above class, particularly used of plants or fungi, also (particularly of animals) called a phylum; a taxon at that rank." "A rank in the classification of organisms, below kingdom and above class; also called a division, especially in describing plants; a taxon at that rank." "(biology, taxonomy) A rank in the classification of organisms, below kingdom and above class." "Magnolias belong to the division Magnoliophyta." "Mammals belong to the phylum Chordata."
bn:00009544n	 "Meat from an adult domestic bovine" "Meat from an adult domestic bovine" "Beef is the culinary name for meat from cattle, particularly skeletal muscle." "Meat obtained from bovines, or related concepts." "Meat from cattle" "The flesh of a cow, steer, or bull raised and killed for its meat." "The meat from a cow, bull, or other bovine." "Meat." "I love eating beef."
bn:02569893n	 "BORSCHT is an acronym for the set of functions performed by a subscriber line interface circuit in the line card of a telecommunication system providing plain old telephone service." "A telecommunications standards acronym" "functions performed by a subscriber line interface circuit in telephone service"
bn:02270948n	 "CANoe is a development and testing software tool from Vector Informatik GmbH." "A Controller Area Network (CAN) software development tool" "Software"
bn:02230212n	 "AirPlay is a proprietary protocol stack/suite developed by Apple Inc. that allows wireless streaming between devices of audio, video, device screens, and photos, together with related metadata." "A protocol developed by Apple Inc. that allows wireless streaming of media" "Proprietary protocol stack/suite developed by Apple Inc. that allows wireless streaming between devices"
bn:00163006n	 "The ComBat was a cricket bat made of aluminium that was the subject of an incident at the WACA cricket ground in Perth in December 1979." "Dennis Lillee's notorious aluminum cricket bat" "Type of cricket bat"
bn:00202853n	 "FLUID is a graphical editor and GUI builder that is used to produce FLTK source code." "A user-interface design program" "Graphical editor and GUI builder"
bn:03500626n	 "Trickle is the second and most recent album from English trip hop band Olive."
bn:03863326n	 "HECToR was a British academic national supercomputer service funded by EPSRC, Natural Environment Research Council and BBSRC for the UK academic community." "Cray supercomputer located in Britain." "Cray supercomputer"
bn:00056464n	 "A musical interval of eight tones" "A musical interval of eight tones" "In music, an octave or perfect octave is the interval between one musical pitch and another with double its frequency." "An interval between seventh and ninth" "Musical interval spanning eight staff positions, including the perfect octave, the diminished octave, and the augmented octave" "The interval between one musical note and another with half or double the frequency." "The pitch an octave higher than a given pitch." "The bass starts on a low E, and the tenor comes in on the octave."
bn:03252188n	 "ChucK is a concurrent, strongly timed audio programming language for real-time synthesis, composition, and performance, which runs on Linux, Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows, and iOS." "A programming language for computer music" "Audio programming language for real-time synthesis, composition, and performance"
bn:03685289n	 "In software development, a breakpoint is an intentional stopping or pausing place in a program, put in place for debugging purposes." "intentional stopping or pausing place in a program, used for debugging" "A point in a program at which operation may be interrupted during debugging so that the state of the program at that point can be investigated."
bn:01588673n	 "In semiconductor fabrication, a resist is a thin layer used to transfer a circuit pattern to the semiconductor substrate which it is deposited upon." "A material or thin layer used in semiconductor fabrication."
bn:01897649n	 "INFORM is an independent registered charity located in the Department of Theology and Religious Studies at King's College, London since 2018; from 1988-2018 it was based at the London School of Economics." "A state-funded British charity providing information on new religious movements"
bn:02649456n	 "hanDover is the eleventh studio album by Canadian band Skinny Puppy."
bn:03004272n	 "Widen is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland."
bn:03764482n	 "Electronica is a broad group of electronic-based music styles intended for listening rather than strictly for dancing." "Electronic fusion-genre popular music, usually groove-based" "Electronic music genre; broad group of electronic-based music genres" "Any of a wide range of electronic music genres." "Any of a wide range of electronic music genres."
bn:14305783n	 "Chuck is a masculine given name or a nickname for Charles or Charlie." "Given name" "A form of the male given name Charles, of mostly American usage."
bn:03649284n	 "Low-Life is the third studio album by English rock band New Order, released on 13 May 1985 by Factory Records." "An album by New Order" "Album"
bn:03328026n	 "A low-life is a term for a person who is considered morally unacceptable by his or her community." "Those looked down upon by their community, usually for their activities" "Term for a person who is considered morally unacceptable by their community"
bn:03231238n	 "The personal pronoun you is the second-person personal pronoun, both singular and plural, and both nominative and oblique case in Modern English." "Personal pronoun to denote the interlocutor" "The group of persons addressed." "The second person plural masculine object pronoun."
bn:16515945n	 "BreakPoint is a Christian worldview ministry founded in 1991 as a daily radio commentary by Chuck Colson."
bn:03226652n	 "A SQUID is a very sensitive magnetometer used to measure extremely subtle magnetic fields, based on superconducting loops containing Josephson junctions." "A superconducting loop used to make sensitive measurements of magnetic fields" "Magnetometer"
bn:03856675n	 "Simple Login Manager is a graphical display manager for the X Window System that can be run independently of any window manager or desktop environment." "X Window System session manager"
bn:03264607n	 "KINK is a commercial FM radio station in Portland, Oregon." "Radio station in Portland, Oregon"
bn:03177545n	 "Alesis Digital Audio Tape is a magnetic tape format used for the recording of eight digital audio tracks onto the same S-VHS tape used by consumer VCRs."
bn:02049329n	 "TRICKLE was a file-forwarding service on the BITNET network."
bn:01591204n	 "Inform is a programming language and design system for interactive fiction originally created in 1993 by Graham Nelson." "A programming language for interactive fiction" "Programming language and design system for interactive fiction"
bn:02091353n	 "In cellular telecommunications, the terms handover or handoff refer to the process of transferring an ongoing call or data session from one channel connected to the core network to another channel." "Telecommunications process"
bn:03310127n	 "The WiLL brand was a marketing approach shared by a small group of Japanese companies who decided to offer products and services that focused on a younger demographic from August 1999 until July 2004 in Japan." "A brand used by a small group of Japanese companies" "Trademark"
bn:16623362n	 "Squid are cephalopods in the superorder Decapodiformes with elongated bodies, large eyes, eight arms and two tentacles." "Order of molluscs" "Large, diverse group of marine cephalopods. They have a distinct head, bilateral symmetry, a mantle, and arms."
bn:03317449n	 "SLIM is developed at the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility and is a slitless spectroscopy simulator programme created to produce simulated ACS grism and prism images."
bn:01855600n	 "biff is a mail notification system for Unix."
bn:02139413n	 "Illinois Public Media, previously \"WILL AM-FM-TV\", is a not-for-profit organization located within the College of Media at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, which is responsible for the university's public media service activities." "The call sign of three public broadcasting stations" "University of Illinois AM, FM, and TV stations"
bn:03500626n	 "Trickle is the second and most recent album from English trip hop band Olive."
bn:02646411n	 "ElecTRONica was a nighttime event at Disney California Adventure, part of the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California."
bn:03469944n	 "Adat is the generic term derived from Arabic language for describing a variety of local customary practices and tradition as observed by Muslim communities in North Caucasus, Central Asia and Southeast Asia." "An Indonesian NGO defending customary communities' rights" "Customary law in Muslim regions"
bn:03729369n	 "BIFF, later sometimes B1FF, was a pseudonym on, and the prototypical newbie of, Usenet." "A Usenet/internet pseudonym"
bn:01887307n	 "KinK was a Canadian documentary television series, which first aired in 2001 on Showcase." "A Canadian documentary television series profiling some of the more unusual edges of human sexuality" "Television series"
